Each spring, the School of American Ballet holds free community auditions for children ages 6 to 10. No experience is necessary. 
The Lower Manhattan Cultural Council has unveiled its lineup for the 16th annual festival of dance, music, theater and visual art. 
“Nevertheless” debuts at No. 5 on the hardcover nonfiction best-seller list. 
He’s a superstar rapper who has avoided the life of a superstar rapper. In a new HBO special, “J. Cole: 4 Your Eyez Only,” he shows fans what he’d rather think about. 
This executive’s long career is the subject of a new documentary, “Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives.” 
Three food-oriented memoirs take readers as far as the Pacific Northwest and Iran, and as near as a New York matriarch’s kitchen. 
The journalist and author of “Becoming Grandma” says Ann Patchett’s “Bel Canto” reminded her of Gabriel García Márquez, a high compliment: “My all-time favorite book . . . is ‘Love in the Time of Cholera.’” 
This superstar soprano has been retiring her signature roles one by one, and however her career evolves, she should be proud of this magnificent performance at the Met. 
The New York musical version of “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” required a new director, a new cast, a partial rewrite and old favorite songs. 
What’s it like to be a female fan at a horror convention? Fifteen women spill their guts. 
In a complex world, people fail to realize just how ignorant they are. In “The Knowledge Illusion,” Steven Sloman and Philip Fernbach tell them. 
The cast includes Jessie Mueller, Joshua Henry and Renée Fleming, while New York City Ballet’s Justin Peck will choreograph. 
The project, the Global Jukebox, has more than 6,000 songs from 1,000 cultures — including many songs from Lomax’s personal collection. 
The “St. John” has been accused of fanning bigotry, but judging from recent performances and recordings, it has much to teach us today. 
The rapper reflects on interior concerns on his “tart and punchy” fourth studio album, “DAMN.” 
Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes’s account of the 2016 presidential election depicts a dysfunctional Clinton campaign and the many mistakes it made. 
This documentary looks at a Guatemalan village that was wiped out during a civil war, and searches for one of the few survivors. 
In Jean McNeil’s novel “The Dhow House,” East Africa’s violent unrest threatens a privileged white family. 
The Quad has gotten a modern makeover. Charles S. Cohen, the owner, explains why a theater makes sense in an age of screens in the palm of your hand. 
Virginia Johnson of Dance Theater of Harlem wanted a modern work for her ballet dancers to tackle. She found one under her own roof, space shared by the Limón company. 
Ms. Weilerstein, set to perform all six of Bach’s solo cello suites in a single concert on Saturday, chooses her favorite page of the score. 
A hypnotic, female spirit permeates two works: Adrienne Truscott’s “THIS” (“I know, you’re all like — this is a dance?”) and Lily Gold’s “Good Mud.” 
The latest chapter in the car-racing franchise took in $532.5 million worldwide in its opening weekend, one of the largest arrivals on record. 
The California event that defined the spirit of the Summer of Love, and gave Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin a boost, will rise again in June at 50. 
Through excerpts from her notebooks, Joan Didion recounts a monthlong road trip through the Gulf states during the 1970s in “South and West.” 
The unsung noise-rock band and its leader, David First, are somewhat closer to having a moment. Finally. 
The documentary explores the artworks and pranks of an Italian trickster. 
Mr. Holdsworth, whose talent amazed better-known peers like Frank Zappa and Eddie Van Halen, played in seminal bands including Soft Machine before making a series of solo albums. 
Our guide to dance performances. 
‘Norman: The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer,’ Joseph Cedar’s latest film, pits Jew against Jew on the fringes of power and influence. 
In Julie Buntin’s first novel, “Marlena,” the past and present overlap in a portrait of an electric friendship cut short. 
In “Never Out of Season,” Robert Dunn looks at how modern societies make themselves vulnerable to crop devastation. 
Our latest installment in the Instagram series #SpeakingInDance features Step Afrika. 
Over the next six weeks, City Ballet will present 43 ballets by 22 choreographers, including Justin Peck, Alexei Ratmansky and Christopher Wheeldon. 
F. Gary Gray narrates a sequence from his film featuring Vin Diesel and Celestino Cornielle. 
Beyond that heralded TV series and plays for television, Mr. Morahan’s career spanned the stage and film. 
James Forman Jr.’s “Locking Up Our Own” and Chris Hayes’s “A Colony in a Nation” compel readers to wrestle with very tough questions about racism, inequality and punishment. 
In Abby Zbikowski’s ferociously physical piece, the dancers fight not one another but themselves (and win). 
In “This Fight Is Our Fight,” Elizabeth Warren offers a manifesto for the Democratic resistance to President Trump. 
“Killers of the Flower Moon,” David Grann’s new book, recalls how Indians were killed by whites who coveted the oil under their land in 1920s Oklahoma. 
Our latest installment in the Instagram series #SpeakingInDance features Amar Ramasar of New York City Ballet. 
Disney Theatrical Productions said Monday that it had chosen Caissie Levy to play Elsa and Patti Murin to play Anna in this adaptation of the 2013 film. 
A dance critic looks at a work by Ann Carlson with sheep, dogs and performers in a meadow that has been called out as a silly use of taxpayer money. Is it? 
Though he was born and raised in the Northwest, Mr. James often played a convincing Southerner in films like “Cool Hand Luke” and “Live and Let Die.” 
Brian Doyle’s “The Adventures of John Carson in Several Quarters of the World” is an affectionate homage to the author of “Treasure Island” anchored in the months he spent living in San Francisco. 
DMX, Eve, Swizz Beats, the Lox and more of the 1990s Yonkers crew will perform at Barclays Center. 
John Scheinfeld’s documentary about John Coltrane draws on interviews, including those with Bill Clinton, Carlos Santana and Cornel West. 
New ballets by Ms. Tharp, Arthur Pita, Wayne McGregor and Christopher Wheeldon are among the season highlights announced in London on Wednesday. 
“Sympathy,” Olivia Sudjic’s debut novel about social media obsession and digital heartbreak, tracks the dark side of online companionship. 
Sofia Coppola, Noah Baumbach, Todd Haynes and Michael Haneke will be among the directors competing for this year’s Palme d’Or. 
Three days after tearing his A.C.L. during a preview performance of the Broadway production, the actor put on a brace and put on a show. 
The actor talks about his new book, which details his “always-changing, ever-fascinating” relationship to spirituality, and particularly Judaism. 
The 2017-18 season will have a centennial tribute to Robbins, featuring 19 of his ballets. 
Ms. McKissack looked for children’s literature about black history and saw a void. So she filled it, writing more than 100 books. 
Several themed program clusters in the Elbphilharmonie’s sold-out opening season have focused attention on music from across the Atlantic. 
Mr. Martin takes a rare, retrospective dive into his stand-up career to find lessons for aspiring comics and reflect on what he’s learned. 
In this installment of Match Book, a woman seeks a work of fiction that will unite her “disparate group of avid readers,” also known as her children. 
Mr. Langhorne played on many influential folk-rock albums, most notably Bob Dylan’s landmark “Bringing It All Back Home.” 
Ms. Moy was a Motown record producer who helped write hits like “My Cherie Amour” and “Uptight (Everything’s Alright).” 
In “The Chessboard and the Web,” Anne-Marie Slaughter calls on foreign-policy makers to radically update their vision of global order. 
Two California theaters have play areas in their auditoriums for 3- to 12-year-olds. But don’t worry, they’re not open while the show plays. 
Discos Barba Azul, which operated until 2013, nurtured a massive cross-border underground. A new compilation collects and celebrates its recordings. 
Six new paperbacks to check out this week. 
A songwriter found love after agreeing to help a music school classmate compose a song for an ailing friend. 
Adam Kirsch and Liesl Schillinger discuss the art yielded by populist and elite mind-sets. 
The work in George W. Bush’s “Portraits of Courage” reveals a surprisingly adept artist who has dramatically improved his technique while also doing penance for a great disaster of American history. 
Hear the new songs that mattered this week, from Frank Ocean's collaboration with Jay Z to the latest from Amadou & Mariam. 
The program, “Making Faces on Film,” kicks off with a 1925 film by Oscar Micheaux featuring Paul Robeson in two roles. 
The actor will play a younger version of the professor in the next installment of J.K. Rowling’s franchise. 
Our guide to film series and special screenings. 
Throughout the countryside, once graceful buildings are being targeted for their antique architectural elements. A mayor is fighting to save them. 
The Schomburg Center in Harlem has bought this author’s rich archive. But the private letters admirers have longed to read will largely remain under seal. 
Mr. Yun, a Korean composer who later lived in West Berlin, explored questions of identity. Events this season will mark the centenary of his birth. 
In “Black Privilege,” the radio and TV host recommends honesty as a form of self-empowerment. 
Cynthia Nixon brings a great 19th-century American poet to vivid life in Terence Davies’s new film. 
Dance music’s inside jokesters suffer under the pop spotlight on “Memories…Do Not Open.” 
Okwui Okpokwasili, a magnetic performer, choreographer and writer returns with a long-gestating new work, “Poor People’s TV Room,” at New York Live Arts. 
To plan your itinerary, here are movies, talks and events, from a documentary on Gilbert Gottfried to “The Godfather.” 
Each installment of “Fast and Furious” is more enjoyably ludicrous than the last, even as the death of the star Paul Walker continues to hang over the franchise. 
The duo’s singles have performed well, and now its debut LP has opened at No. 1, bumping Drake’s “More Life” to No. 2. 
A Polish film follows its young protagonist as he flirts, attends parties until dawn and gyrates to a perpetual backbeat. 
In “Fallen Glory,” James Crawford provides a tour from the Tower of Babel to the World Trade Center. 
The director explains the challenges and thrills of filming in Havana, where his team was the first to shoot a sequence for a Hollywood film in more than 50 years. 
There have been calls for the removal of Mr. Cosby’s children’s book series from schools and libraries. 
Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz. 
The company’s debut season in New York, at the Joyce Theater, includes an unusual dance — to Dylan Thomas poems read by the actor Richard Burton. 
Charlie Hunnam stars in this period adventure story about love, loss and mystery in the Amazon from the director James Gray. 
Mozart, Made New: This Week’s 8 Best Classical Music Moments 
The 10th and final group of Annenberg fellows was announced, and the up-and-coming artists include one who performed for President Obama. 
The avant-garde vocalist looks back at her nearly 40-year career as she releases two new albums. 
Scenes from the annual music and arts festival. 
Chris Hayes talks about “A Colony in a Nation,” and Jason Zinoman discusses “Letterman: The Last Giant of Late Night.” 
The recently reissued “Killings” collects pieces of Calvin Trillin’s true-crime writing for The New Yorker. 
A roundup of new young adult fiction includes stories of a thief seeking justice, a skeleton revealing a city’s shameful past and a gorilla spinning tales. 
Nadine Sierra, 28, started getting noticed when she was only in high school. Now she’s won the prestigious Richard Tucker Award and its $50,000 prize. 
D.J. Taylor’s clever and timely work contends that the world would be a poorer place without a bit of insolence and ostentation. 
Three days before the musical was set to open, its star hurt his knee. Saturday performances have been affected, and impact on opening night is unclear. 
The official trailer is filled with images of characters from “The Force Awakens” but leaves plenty of mystery about what is to come. 
Geopolitics and pop culture clash as Ukraine bars Russia's entry into the 2017 Eurovision contest because of a visit by the contestant, Yulia Samoylova, to Crimea. 
Teenage anxiety (voiced by Dash Shaw, Lena Dunham and others) takes a back seat to survival after an earthquake hits a cliffside high school. 
