






I’M ALREADY A CUSTOMER



















NEW CUSTOMER OFFER

BET £5
GET £20
IN FREE BETS



NEW CUSTOMER OFFER

BET £5
GET £20
IN FREE BETS




Minimum Deposit and Stake £5. Free Bets Credited as 4x£5. Free Bet Stake Not Returned. Free Bet Valid For 4 Days. 18+. Terms and Conditions Apply, See Below


Minimum Deposit and Stake £5. Free Bets Credited as 4x£5. Free Bet Stake Not Returned. Free Bet Valid For 4 Days. 18+. Terms and Conditions Apply, See Below



Bet Now












1
Register with coral today




2
PLACE A BET OF £5 OR MORE




3
GET 4 X £5 IN FREE BETS










18+. Terms Apply.
Bet Responsibly www.gambleaware.co.uk




Offer available to UK & Republic of Ireland residents aged 18 years or over opening a new Online, Mobile or Telephone Coral account in either £/€ currency with the exception of new accounts depositing funds with Moneybookers, Paysafe, Neteller or Skrill.
To qualify for this bet £/€5 get £/€20 in free bets offer, the first bet on your account after registration must be a real money sports bet of £/€5 Win or £/€5 Each-way or more at fractional odds of 1/2 (decimal odds 1.5) or greater.
The 4 x £/€5 free bets will be triggered by the placement of the qualifying bet and will not apply to subsequent bets. Void bets do not count towards this promotion.
The qualifying bet must be made within 14 days of account registration to qualify. First sports bets placed after this duration will not qualify for this bet £/€5 get £/€20 in free bets offer.
Free bet token will expire 4 days after issue.
The free bet must be wagered in full, can be redeemed on win or each-way bets and can be used on the following listed bet types: single, double, treble, 4-fold and upwards accumulator, forecast, combination.
Qualifying Bet and free bets cannot be used with Cash Out.
Free bet token is not valid on Football Jackpot, tote, other combination and multiple bets (i.e Lucky 15s).
Free bet tokens are non-refundable. Free bet stake is not included in any returns.
Free bet tokens are not returned if wagered on a void selection.
This free bet offer cannot be used in conjunction with, or contribute to any other coral.co.uk free bet offer or promotions.

For additional promotional terms click here.
Promoter: Coral Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited, Suite 711, 1st Floor, Europort, Europort Road, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA.







Coral.co.uk is operated by Coral Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited (company number 106323). Coral Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited’s address is Suite 711, 1st Floor, Europort, Europort Road, Gibraltar GX11 1AA. Coral Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited is licensed by the Government of Gibraltar & regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner (RGL 059 & 060). For customers accessing Coral.co.uk from Great Britain, the service is licensed and regulated by the Gambling Commission (000-039071-R-319423-001). Coral is the registered trade mark of Coral Group Trading Ltd © Gala Coral Group Ltd. All rights reserved.














Enjoy the game but play responsibly www.gambleaware.co.uk













