













Just Arsenal News
Arsenal Transfer News & Rumours | Arsenal FC Team news


Main Menu
Skip to content

HomeArsenal Offers
Just Arsenal Blogs
Privacy Notice
Contact

About us


LIVE SCORES
Arsenal Injuries
Arsenal links





Join The Discussion, REGISTER or LOGIN to post a comment.














 Arsenal News 24/7 



 



Top Blog Partners 



 
  Tweets by @JustArsenal


 



 



  Posted on
          January 30, 2017          by ADMIN
                             


Will Elneny injury prompt late Arsenal signing?


Arsenal’s Mohamed Elneny has fallen foul of injury whilst on international duty with Egypt this week.
The midfielder was due to play in tonight’s crunch quarter-final match against Morocco this evening, but was ruled out with a calf injury.
The extent of the injury is still unconfirmed, but with Granit Xhaka currently banned from action and proving to be ill-disciplined, Santi Cazorla without a foreseeable return date from injury, Jack Wilshere on loan until the end of the season, as well as the Egyptian’s possible extended absence, the Frenchman may well have consider his options.
One player who may well have brought the need for a central addition down however is Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. The former Southampton youth product put in a thoroughly impressive and creative display in place of Aaron Ramsey at the base of midfield against his former side this weekend, and may well have staked a claim for an extended run in the side.
Arsene Wenger has regularly overlooked the Ox for a first-team role however, having regularly impressed in cup and European competitions, only to fail to live up to those performances in the Premier League.
Arsenal will have one more match to play on Tuesday before the transfer window closes, but there will be little to no time to assess the Ox should he be given the nod against Watford, as the window closes around an hour and a half later.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles also did well in the centre against Southampton, but his lack of experience could prove a problem in what could prove to be the toughest top six battle in Premier League history.
Do we have enough options in the squad to cover without Santi Cazorla, Mohamed Elneny and Granit Xhaka?
Pat J
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal Injury News, Arsenal News, Arsenal NewsNow and tagged Arsenal, Elneny on January 30, 2017 by GoonerP.						











 



Post navigation
← Are the pundits and press against the Arsenal boss?
Arsenal and Spurs only challengers to Chelsea for the title? →

 

 


			5 thoughts on “Will Elneny injury prompt late Arsenal signing?”		




quantic dream January 30, 2017 at 6:59 am 

Well given that every player suffers an average of two injuries throughout the season I think it would be foolish to sign a new player. If we brought in a new player everytime someone got injured we would become bankrupt and even if we wouldn’t, where would they all play when fit? Look at defense, we have koscileny, mertesacker, mustafi, gabriel and Holding. Why are we paying 5 players to fight for 2 positions? I think we can’t keep them all happy and definitley can’t afford to pay them all for nothing.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  16  3 







samtz January 30, 2017 at 7:40 am 

No need!Am hearing that  Ozil,Ramsey and Coquelin  are injured?!!!anyway if those rumours are true,Could we try Holding or Gabriel in DM with OX in Box to Box mid?give Iwobi  Ozil no. Walcot and welbeck on wings,Sanchez upfront!!
Rate this comment:  1  9 







Kostafi January 30, 2017 at 11:49 am 

No. I wonder if it’s the media that make the fans crave a signing or just us the fans? The January window is a distraction. It should be for finding short term solutions to long term injuries as well as for clubs who want to spend their way out of relegation woes (much like sacking and replacing managers).
We had 2 kids who played brilliantly on Saturday evening. Why add another player to block a congested path to the first team? AMN was a contender for MOTM for me on Sunday. Good tackles in and around the box that I was worried would lead to penalties, but the boy is composed in his pace. Lord keep his mum out of his path to success… Wilshere is doing well on the South coast as well while Santi has been given a new contract. How many more CM’s? Without El Neny, we have Coq, Rambo, Xhaka (in 3 games), the Ox! and AMN too, and prob Santi around March. Hpefully El Neny is back earlier- thats 7 by my count for 2 positions.
Rate this comment:  5  0 







Wilshegz January 30, 2017 at 11:58 am 

I think we should get Kolasinac or Ricardo Rodriguez for LB
Rate this comment:  3  0 







Jansen January 30, 2017 at 1:24 pm 

We have enough options and there is no chance Wenger will buy any first team player this window.
Rate this comment:  3  0 





Comments are closed.
 


 




 


 



Search JustArsenal,com

Search for:



Recent CommentsNY_Gunner on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Wayne Barker on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Impenia on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?hecmanx on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?RSH on FOUR changes Arsenal desperately need after Munich disaster…. 





Friendly Sites

Barcelona News
Football News and rumours
LIVE SCORES
Man United News
Real Madrid News


 



Polls



Do you want Thieet Henry to manage Arsenal one day?
 No
 Yes
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 












Custom WordPress theme & web design by Arena DM













