















 











 














 



















 



Home
About Antiwar.com
Donate
Blog
US Casualties 
Contact
Latest News






Duterte: US Building Permanent Arsenal in Philippines
Complains US Building 'Permanent' Arms Depots in Philippines
 
							by Jason Ditz, 
							January 29, 2017						


Print This
 | 
					

Share This



In comments which might suggest a rift between Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and his defense secretary, the outspoken president accused the US of threatening regional stability by building “permanent” arms depots within the Philippines’ territory.
The Pentagon is building barracks and warehouses inside the Philippines as part of a deal with that nation’s military which allows the US to position troops, planes, and warships at several bases there. Duterte has repeatedly called on the US military to leave his country.
At the same time, Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana insisted just days ago that the US-Philippines military relationship is still wholly intact, and that the plans for the Pentagon to do the construction were proceeding as planned, and unlike Duterte, he did not present this as a problem.
Duterte has been keen since taking office last year to shift the Philippines away from its traditional exclusive reliance on the US for military support, seeking to forge ties with Russia and China. There have been warnings from some analysts since this effort began that Duterte risks alienating the top military brass in his country, as close ties with the Pentagon have a long history and won’t break easily.
Last 5 posts by Jason DitzTrump Administration Sends Conflicting Messages on Future of US-Russia Ties - February 17th, 2017Pentagon: ISIS Administrators Fleeing Capital of Raqqa - February 17th, 2017ISIS Overruns Afghan Security Posts, Killing 17 Troops - February 17th, 2017Saudi Military Spending Increasingly Focused on Offensive Capabilities - February 17th, 2017NATO Blames Russia for 'Fake News' Targeting German Troops in Lithuania - February 17th, 2017 

							 | 
						Print This
 | 
						

Share This









 




Click here to hide comments







jsinton



I expect Duterte would love to declare Martial Law, but he’s afraid to unleash the military because they’ll come and get him.  Expect RP military leaders to be on the CIA payroll.






longlance



Duterte next on U.S. regime-change agenda.






RickR35



If Bush/Obama were in charge, sure.






Don



One of the most solid Trump faithful!
I think you can claim the title as the most faithful on this site, even more so than Raimondo. Do you want the title?








AriusArmenian



CIA probably already has removal plans ready, vermin that they are.






hali karaca



They should make Kazim Karabekir president of Philippines.


















Advertise on Antiwar.com























 Jason Ditz is news editor of Antiwar.com. 
  

Trump Administration Sends Conflicting Messages on Future of US-Russia Ties


Pentagon: ISIS Administrators Fleeing Capital of Raqqa


ISIS Overruns Afghan Security Posts, Killing 17 Troops


Saudi Military Spending Increasingly Focused on Offensive Capabilities



 

 Ukraine
Obama
Afghanistan
Yemen
Syria
Israel
Iran
ISIS
Gaza
Egypt
Turkey
Russia
Pakistan
Iraq
Kurdistan
Pentagon
UN
NATO
Libya
Saudi Arabia

Reprint PolicyAdvertise on Antiwar.comAntiwar.com NewsletterRegional NewsDonate to Antiwar.comFront Page ArchivesSubmission Guidelines
 


 

 





 





 Search Antiwar.com 





 Copyright © Antiwar.com 2017
Highlights
Breaking News 








