













Just Arsenal News
Arsenal Transfer News & Rumours | Arsenal FC Team news


Main Menu
Skip to content

HomeArsenal Offers
Just Arsenal Blogs
Privacy Notice
Contact

About us


LIVE SCORES
Arsenal Injuries
Arsenal links





Join The Discussion, REGISTER or LOGIN to post a comment.














 Arsenal News 24/7 



 



Top Blog Partners 



 
  Tweets by @JustArsenal


 



 



  Posted on
          January 29, 2017          by ADMIN
                             


Uh Oh! Arsenal injury problems suddenly become serious ahead of Chelsea clash


During Arsenal’s 5-0 win over Southampton, the players certainly gave Arsene Wenger a lot to think about ahead of picking the team for the upcoming premier league fixture. There were a lot of players that impressed last night, many of which who do not regularly hold down a starting spot in the team. But will any of them make the cut for Saturday? 
Danny Welbeck and Alex Oxlade Chamberlain were two names who stood out from the crowd last night. We cannot of course forget Theo Walcott, but focusing on the two players who see less game time, it would be fair to say both probably deserve a bit of action on this pitch this week. So whilst Wenger has a bit of a selection headache going forward, it seems he may also have one in midfield, after Gunners legend Martin Keown revealed that three first team players have reportedly picked up late injuries.
Ozil, Ramsey and Coquelin were all missing from the Gunners 5-0 win, although given it was a cup competition in which Wenger was expected to rotate his squad, nobody batted an eyelid at their non-selection. However Keown has revealed they may in fact be injured, although reports remain unconfirmed. During his punditry appearance on the BT Sport coverage, Keown stated: “I’m hearing that Ramsey is injured, Coquelin is injured and Ozil is injured.”
It’s not good news for the Gunners who face an important game against Chelsea away from home this Saturday. The fixture could prove decisive on whether Arsenal are going to push for a late title challenge this season. Arsenal currently sit in second place, but are eight points behind the league leaders Chelsea. Three points for the Gunners would close the gap down to 5, which is still almost two wins away from becoming at level headings with Chelsea. It therefore cannot be stressed enough that Arsene Wenger needs as many options as he can get for this weekend, especially as the challenge has become even tougher now he is banned from the technical area. 
The biggest miss would of course be Mesut Ozil, who is the heart and soul of success alongside Alexis Sanchez in this Arsenal team. Ozil has been criticised for not turning up on the pitch when it matters most, but he had an impressive display against the Blues earlier in the season and an injury to the German player of the year, would be a big blow to the Gunners. 
As for Coquelin and Ramsey, both play an important part in this Arsenal team, especially with competition for places so high. It’s key that the midfield is consistently rotated to play to our strengths. Having two more names crossed off the availability list will limit Arsenal’s options going forward, and considering we now have Coquelin, Cazorla and Ramsey all out due to injury; and Wilshere away from home, who exactly strengthens that midfield during this tough time? This is not forgetting that Xhaka is currently banned and Elneny is on AFCON duty. 
Late reports coming in this evening also suggest that Mohammed Elneny has picked up a calf injury whilst on international duty with Egypt at AFCON. Even though the player isn’t a regular starter in midfield, its a big blow to know that yet another one of our midfield options is now surely ruled out for a number of weeks. 
By AH
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal News, Arsenal NewsNow, Arsenal previews on January 29, 2017 by Admin.						











 



Post navigation
← Welbeck’s hunger for goals helped him through Arsenal injuries
Are the pundits and press against the Arsenal boss? →

 

 


			10 thoughts on “Uh Oh! Arsenal injury problems suddenly become serious ahead of Chelsea clash”		




Koss January 30, 2017 at 12:29 am 

if it’s true then I am at a loss on how to react. Come on how could we lose them all at once?
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  20  1 







verstellung January 30, 2017 at 2:30 am 

Right ?
The sky is falling, the sky is falling…
How about some sources ?
Rate this comment:  11  0 









Arsenal_Girl January 30, 2017 at 1:08 am 

Ozil and Coquelin are vital for the Chelsea match
If true it would be a big loss
I don’t want Ramsey injured either but after yesterday’s performance, I would put OX ahead of Ramsey anyway
Anyway, lets focus on Watford. Anything other than a win could make the Chelsea match meaningless
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  38  1 







Godswill January 30, 2017 at 6:09 am 

Okay panic.
What I don’t understand is the position of Keown as an insider.
Let’s be done with Watford first or see the line up against Watford before we speculate.
Did I see Ozil in the gim yesterday with other players?
If I say we are going to beat Chelsea some fans will say it’s not near truth. Am an optimistic fan always looking forward to my team winning that’s why am always disappointed when we lose because I always think we would win.
Rate this comment:  12  0 







Ozone January 30, 2017 at 8:24 am 

I believe the Ox should be able to step in for Coquelin. In fact i think he can do a better job because of his speed and strength! If he’s mindful of what the job takes then he’ll be awesome against Chelsea.
Rate this comment:  3  6 







GunnerJack January 30, 2017 at 10:33 am 

If he plays like he did last time he could also step in for Ozil. I remember AW saying many moons ago that he ultimately saw the Ox as an attacking midfielder, not a winger.
Rate this comment:  8  1 









PRINCE AFZ January 30, 2017 at 9:16 am 

I don’t believe this rumour. If it is true Wenger would have told at the press conference before the match.
Rate this comment:  6  0 







SarsfieldNY January 30, 2017 at 2:57 pm 

all false, the official AFC site just put out pictures of monday training with all 3 of the mentioned players in action
Rate this comment:  0  0 







seckie January 30, 2017 at 3:48 pm 

Please please please!!! Where did you get this piece of Babbage from? They were all in training at London Colney in preparation for Watford’s game, check arsenal.com to confirm.
Rate this comment:  0  0 







seckie January 30, 2017 at 3:49 pm 

Piece of gabbage*
Rate this comment:  0  0 







Comments are closed.
 


 




 


 



Search JustArsenal,com

Search for:



Recent CommentsNY_Gunner on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Wayne Barker on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Impenia on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?hecmanx on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?RSH on FOUR changes Arsenal desperately need after Munich disaster…. 





Friendly Sites

Barcelona News
Football News and rumours
LIVE SCORES
Man United News
Real Madrid News


 



Polls



Do you want Thieet Henry to manage Arsenal one day?
 No
 Yes
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 












Custom WordPress theme & web design by Arena DM













