









X



Edition:

United States
























Business



Business Home
Legal
Deals
Aerospace & Defense


Finance
Autos
Reuters Summits
ADventures


Data Dive





Markets



Markets Home
U.S. Markets
European Markets
Asian Markets


Global Market Data
Stocks
Bonds
Currencies


Commodities
Futures
Funds
Earnings


Dividends





World



World Home
U.S.
Special Reports
Reuters Investigates


Euro Zone
Middle East
China
Japan


Mexico
Brazil
Africa
Russia


India





Politics



Politics Home
Polling Explorer
Live: Trump's First 100 Days
Supreme Court







Tech



Technology Home
Science
Top 100 Global Innovators
Media


Environment
Innovation





Commentary



Commentary Home 
Podcasts





Breakingviews



Breakingviews Home
Breakingviews Video





Money



Money Home
Retirement
Lipper Awards
Analyst Research


Stock Screener
Fund Screener





Life



Health
Sports
Arts
Entertainment


Oddly Enough







Pictures




Pictures Home
The Wider Image
Photographers
Focus 360









Video















            Duterte accuses U.S. of building 'permanent' arsenal in Philippines











Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States


















World News
|
Sun Jan 29, 2017 | 10:30pm EST

Duterte accuses U.S. of building 'permanent' arsenal in Philippines



















                                	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures while speaking during a late night news conference at the presidential palace in Manila, Philippines January 29, 2017. 
                                	
                                		REUTERS/Ezra Acayan







By Martin Petty
| MANILA

MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond by scrapping a security treaty between them.Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. troop presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which he said was a dangerous breach of a defense deal between them. "They're unloading arms in the Philippines now ... I'm serving notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I will not allow it," Duterte told a televised news conference."Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It's a permanent structure to house arms."He added: "I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile) now, that they are unloading."His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two longtime allies. 
If U.S. arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he would consider a review of treaties "and maybe ultimately abrogate, since it is an executive order."EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of U.S. ships, aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security operations.Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be honored, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his election was one of Washington's most crucial Asian alliances.He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing's claims to the South China Sea.
Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a stunning about-face in Manila's foreign policy, he has put the arbitration award on the back burner. He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its actions could put the Philippines in "extreme danger" because of the posturing between the United States and China."You are egging us ... egging us (on) to force the issue of arbitral judgment," he said, referring to the United States.
"The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions," he said, referring to its naval patrols. "A depot would serve as a supply line."Duterte said he had an "urgent" message to China, asking it to help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be discussed with China when the time was right. "I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard," he said. (Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Stephen Powell)







Next In  World News 







Four North Korean suspects fled Malaysia after airport murder: police
KUALA LUMPUR Four North Korean suspects in the murder of the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un fled Malaysia on the day he was attacked at Kuala Lumpur airport and apparently killed by a fast-acting poison, police said on Sunday.







Senators look to new sanctions against Iran for missile development
MUNICH U.S. Republican senators plan to introduce legislation to impose further sanctions on Iran, accusing it of violating U.N. Security Council resolutions by testing ballistic missiles and acting to "destabilise" the Middle East, a U.S. senator said Sunday.







Trump comment about immigration 'problems' baffles Sweden
STOCKHOLM/WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump's suggestion that Sweden experienced an immigration-related security incident prompted a baffled response from the Scandinavian country on Sunday as diplomats asked for an explanation and citizens responded with amusement.














MORE FROM REUTERS









Sponsored Content





From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent











                                Trending Stories








Pictures








Photos of the week




















The internment of Japanese-Americans 









                                Sponsored Topics




X




















Follow Reuters: 

Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us On Facebook
Follow Us On RSS
Follow Us On Instagram
Follow Us On YouTube
Follow Us On LinkedIn
Subscribe: 
Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps 


Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines  | Careers
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products:



Eikon
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
        




Elektron
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
      




World-Check
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
      




Westlaw
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology   
      




ONESOURCE
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs
      




CHECKPOINT
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
      



 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.




Site Feedback
Corrections
Advertising Guidelines
Cookies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy



















