












































COLUMNS
ARTICLES
VIDEOS
PODCASTS
LEADERBOARDS


PLAY NOW
DOWNLOAD

MORE

ABOUT US
CONTACT US









Can’t Win; Arsenal Face Criticism In Spite Of Their Spirited Fightback

James McNicholas |
			January 24, 2017 |
			1 Comment


Football News 24/7

Follow @uMAXitFootball
 
Everyone always wants what they haven’t got. For years, Arsenal have been criticised for lacking bottle and backbone. Now, having shown plenty of spirit in their victory over Burnley, the club face widespread censure, with Granit Xhaka and Arsene Wenger the foremost targets. Arsenal have finally shown some mettle, but it’s been met with surprising opprobrium.
The accusation that Arsenal are a soft touch has had some justification. Granted, pundits have probably cited a lack and leadership and desire a little too frequently, but there is truth to an idea that has become a cliche. Psychological frailties have undermined Wenger’s side for several consecutive campaigns now.
This season appears to be different. Arsenal have shown a remarkable capacity to dig in and rescue results late in games. In total, the Gunners have amassed 12 goals after the 80th minute of matches in the Premier League. Chelsea, Everton and Manchester City are closest, and they’ve all managed just 10. Perhaps most remarkably of all, Arsenal have snatched six goals after the 90th minute has been played. Unsurprisingly, no team can match that phenomenal feat.

Wenger might have enjoyed Arsenal’s last gasp winner at the weekend, but we didn’t see his celebrations as he’d already been sent to the tunnel after an altercation with fourth official Anthony Taylor. He was quick to apologise for his actions after the game, but an FA charge has inevitably followed.
The Gunners boss won’t be proud of what he did, but it does serve as an effective rebuttal to those who’ve questioned whether he still has hunger for the game. The touchline theatrics of Jurgen Klopp and Antonio Conte have earned praise this season, and Wenger’s passionate display was in the same vein. His interaction with Taylor shouldn’t be condoned, but it’s a fairly natural response from a man simply desperate to see Arsenal back at the summit of English football.
A steelier midfield will help that quest. Regular observers have long decried the absence of a sturdy spine, and Swiss international Xhaka was seemingly bought partly for his combative qualities. Unfortunately, he brought with him a reputation as a hothead—one which referee John Moss seems to have seized upon with particular glee, dismissing Xhaka twice at the Emirates Stadium this season.

Although both red cards could be seen as somewhat harsh, they were undoubtedly cynical fouls from Xhaka. However, isn’t that kind of muscular pragmatism exactly what Arsenal fans have been crying out for? Is Xhaka really any more of a disciplinary concern that Gunners greats like Patrick Vieira and Emmanuel Petit?
Perhaps Arsenal’s antics against Burnley have been poorly received because it seems as if they’re ‘punching down’. Were they taking on one of the Premier League’s elite, their impassioned escapades might have felt more justified. However, three points are three points. Arsenal must treat every match with the same degree of seriousness if they’re to keep their title bid alive.
It’s not just those outside the club who’ve made their disapproval clear. A scan of social media will reveal plenty of Arsenal fans seemingly disappointed in Xhaka and Wenger’s actions. That’s a surprising development—after all, this is a team who are actively answering the criticism that has dogged them for some time. Arsenal have toughened up, and unfortunately that will come with some disciplinary consequences. Nevertheless, it’s for the best. After all, a few moments of controversy certainly never hurt the Invincibles.






James McNicholasJames McNicholas is a London based football-writer. He is Bleacher Report's Arsenal Correspondent, and contributes regularly to The Mirror, CNN, Squawka & ESPN. His blog, Gunnerblog.com, was nominated as the Best Established Blog in 2014 Football Blog Awards.




Share this:
			22942










Related articles:
Manchester City: Humble Gabriel Jesus Stands Contrary To Modern Trends
Southampton Remain A Model Of Steady, Successful Growth
Forging A Team Of Champions Out Of The Premier League’s Relegation Candidates
 


Categories:

Columns 
Tags:

Alexis Sanchez, arsenal, Arsenal 2 Burnley 1, Arsenal mentality, Arsene Wenger, Arsene Wenger touchline ban, EPL, Granit Xhaka, premier league 




Guardiola Is Trying Too Hard; His Obsession With Creative Solutions Is Hurting Man City 

Jose Mourinho Breaks Party Lines Over Rooney and China 




		1 Comment on “Can’t Win; Arsenal Face Criticism In Spite Of Their Spirited Fightback”	




Will Gibson says: 

			January 24, 2017 at 4:43 pm 
Hello James,
I thoroughly enjoy your work, which is always entertaining and insightful. I do want to offer an explanation of more than 140 characters about why many other Arsenal supporters are very frustrated and critical of Granit Xhaka.
He’s been sent off nine times in the past three seasons. That suggests there’s something he needs to do to improve rather than the fact he’s “unlucky” or a victim of overly fussy officiating as posited by yourself, Andrew Mangan and others. At some point, Xhaka needs to realize that. He needs to curb his temper and improve his technique in tackling, which reminds me of how Paul Scholes uses to launch himself at players when he lost the ball. It also may explain why Arsene Wenger was very cautious in introducing him into the first team. Wenger, as you pointed out in tweeting his post-game interview, was very frustrated by Xhaka’s lack of discipline.
Should Xhaka should be exempt from criticism when he makes mistakes or does something idiotic that hurts Arsenal? He cost 35 million quid. That’s five million more than Chelsea paid for N’Golo Kante and the difference between the two sides in the table is reflected in their respective performances to this point in the season.
My hope is Xhaka will learn. He’s got an awful lot of great qualities to offer the team that we will miss while he’s suspended. But please don’t question the loyalties or intelligence supporters who criticize his actions lest you be accused of hypocrisy the next time Theo Walcott pulls out of a tackle.
I hope this isn’t too negative – I usually avoid reading the comments myself. Please keep writing, tweeting and podcasting —  I promise I’ll keep reading and watching.
Cheers,
Will Gibson
@albertagooner
Reply




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 

 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 






SUBMISSION DEADLINE

0

Days


0

Hrs


0

Mins


0

Secs





This week's fixtures








PLAY NOW
















Prizes & Winners


Date
Winner
Prize
11/02/1759£2,0004/02/1749£2,00021/01/17110£2,00014/01/1722£2,0002/01/1712£2,000 

Overall Leaderboard






























 






Home
Columns
Articles
Crowd-Sourced
Podcasts
Videos
Leaderboards
Download
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy

FAQ
Contact Us


                Copyright © uMAXit. All rights reserved.
			









 

