












































COLUMNS
ARTICLES
VIDEOS
PODCASTS
LEADERBOARDS


PLAY NOW
DOWNLOAD

MORE

ABOUT US
CONTACT US









Arsenal Should Avoid Typical Signing M’Baye Niang

Blair Newman |
			January 24, 2017 |
			0 Comments


Football News 24/7

Follow @uMAXitFootball
 
When M’Baye Niang was 17 years old, he was linked with a move to Arsenal. At the time he was playing for Caen in the top division of French football and was widely regarded as one of his country’s top prospects. The move never materialised; instead, Niang joined AC Milan. However, less than five years on from his signing for the Italian giants, he has once again been linked to Arsenal.
Some may question the truth behind the latest rumours, especially considering the player has been in and out of the Milan lineup this term, but history tells us Niang would be the classic Arsene Wenger signature.
In the past, Wenger has often chosen the young and flawed option over the security of a ready-made first-team player. Examples include Gael Clichy, Mathieu Flamini, Abou Diaby and Yaya Sanogo, among others. And Niang holds plenty in common with the four aforementioned.
Fairly obvious similarities exist in that he’s French and, at 22 years of age, young. He’s also technically proficient, a fine dribbler with real pace and strength who excels in one-on-one situations where he has space to utilise. But he is also incomplete, a raw talent in need of serious polishing.

Niang’s athleticism, audacity and potential has always been evident, but his performances have been punctuated by a frustrating inconsistency. 2015 appeared to be his breakout year—following a promising six-month loan spell at Genoa, he played a vital role up front alongside Carlos Bacca for Milan upon his return. But, rather than building on the momentum gained last year, 2016 saw Niang’s status fall.
With just three goals and two assists in 18 league appearances this season, he has become reacquainted with the substitute’s bench. His ability to beat a man for pace and skill has, as ever, been tied to a worrying inability to finish simple chances. In addition to that, his attitude, which has been questioned on numerous occasions before, whether for crashing his car or jumping off a roof into a swimming pool, remains a talking point.
“I did get rather angry with Niang at the end,” Milan head coach Vincenzo Montella told reporters following a 2-2 draw with Torino on 16 January. “Niang needs to do more and put the effort in.”
Signing Niang would fit Wenger’s traditional transfer policy. It would be essentially represent another attempt to find value in an illogical market, another gamble, and that is exactly why it should be avoided.
Firstly, Wenger’s gambles haven’t always paid off. For every Clichy, there has been a Sanogo, and it’s worth pointing out that Niang isn’t only not the finished article, he isn’t even the nearly-finished article. There is absolutely no guarantee that his flaws, his inconsistency and questionable mentality, will be ironed out in the future.
Secondly, and perhaps most importantly, now is not the time for Wenger to gamble.
It’s almost 13 years since Arsenal last won the Premier League title, and almost seven since they last made it beyond the Champions League’s round of 16. Fans are growing increasingly discontented with the club’s constant failure to challenge for these major honours.
Fans are also angry over the uncertainty surrounding the contracts of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez, players who were finished articles when they arrived at Arsenal, and who have been shining lights ever since.
Frankly, Arsenal need more players like Ozil and Sanchez—players who can be trusted to perform immediately and consistently upon signing, if they are to end years of on-pitch under-performance. Unlike them, Niang is a gamble that Wenger no longer has the right to take.






Blair NewmanBlair Newman is a freelance writer whose work has been published by FourFourTwo, World Soccer, Bleacher Report, Squawka, Football Italia and more. He is the creator of Tactical Calcio.




Share this:
			22930










Related articles:
Manchester City: Humble Gabriel Jesus Stands Contrary To Modern Trends
Southampton Remain A Model Of Steady, Successful Growth
Forging A Team Of Champions Out Of The Premier League’s Relegation Candidates
 


Categories:

Columns 
Tags:

ac milan, Alexis Sanchez, arsenal, Arsenal transfer-strategy, Arsene Wenger, Genoa, M'Baye Niang, Mesut Özil, Vincenzo Montella 




By The Numbers: What Is The Value Of Chelsea’s Winning Run 

Guardiola Is Trying Too Hard; His Obsession With Creative Solutions Is Hurting Man City 




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 

 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 






SUBMISSION DEADLINE

0

Days


0

Hrs


0

Mins


0

Secs





This week's fixtures








PLAY NOW
















Prizes & Winners


Date
Winner
Prize
11/02/1759£2,0004/02/1749£2,00021/01/17110£2,00014/01/1722£2,0002/01/1712£2,000 

Overall Leaderboard






























 






Home
Columns
Articles
Crowd-Sourced
Podcasts
Videos
Leaderboards
Download
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy

FAQ
Contact Us


                Copyright © uMAXit. All rights reserved.
			









 

