








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		17Dec							


Arsenal Transfer News: Latest Rumours on Carlos Bacca and Djibril Sidibe


by earnedgy in Bleacher Report
No Comments »






 



 

Maurizio Lagana/Getty Images 



AC Milan striker and Arsenal target Carlos Bacca won’t be available for transfer during the winter window. The Rossoneri’s CEO Adriano Galliani has revealed how the club intends to keep the Colombian goal-getter.
Galliani was speaking to Italian source Mediaset Premium (h/t Metro) and made it clear Bacca is staying put: “Bacca is not for sale. I repeat, he is absolutely off the market.”
Galliani’s comments come after the attacker’s agent, Sergio Barila, also said his client is happy with life in Serie A. Barila told MilanNews (h/t MailOnline’s Jonathan Spencer), “Bacca is very happy at Milan. In addition, both the coach [Vincenzo Montella] and the club are happy with him.”
All signs point to Bacca staying in Milan, despite recent reports linking him with a move to the Gunners. In fact, Phil Cadden of the Sun reported Arsenal had even begun talks over a January transfer worth £20 million.


          
There’s no doubt Bacca is a player who would boost the Gunners’ challenge for the Premier League title. He’d add goals thanks to his clever running off the ball and ruthless streak as a finisher. Bacca’s somewhat scrappy in front of goal, but this is a striker who does whatever it takes to put the ball in the net.


Should Arsenal sign a striker in January?



Should Arsenal sign a striker in January?

Yes


No

 Total votes: 27



      
Fortunately for Arsenal, the club is well stocked at striker, even if Bacca does stay put. Manager Arsene Wenger has converted Alexis Sanchez into a centre-forward role with spectacular results.
Aside from Sanchez, there are also French target man Olivier Giroud and summer signing Lucas Perez, along with England internationals Theo Walcott and Danny Welbeck. The latter has made a quicker-than-expected return from injury after a prolonged spell out with a knee injury, according to Andy Charles of Sky Sports.
Bacca would provide a boost, but Arsenal should have enough firepower to sustain their title challenge, even if Wenger doesn’t sign another striker in January.
     
Chelsea Keen on Arsenal Target Djibril Sidibe
Arsenal’s London rivals Chelsea could sign a player the Gunners reportedly tried to acquire in the summer. The player in question is AS Monaco full-back Djibril Sidibe.
Chelsea are said to be interested after their scout for France, Guy Hillion, recommended the defender, per the Times (h/t Metro). The report details how Sidibe has been given a glowing review alongside Chelsea’s primary target at Monaco, midfield powerhouse Tiemoue Bakayoko.


 
 
                ROMAIN PERROCHEAU/Getty Images

            Sidibe rejected Arsenal.
        

Back in October, Sidibe revealed how he rejected a summer switch to Arsenal over concerns about playing time, according to French source Le Parisien (h/t Mark Ashenden of Sky Sports): “I was on the brink [of signing for Monaco] and [Arsenal] gave me a headache by making a bid at the last moment. After reflecting on it, I was not certain my playing time would be guaranteed.”
Since then, Sidibe has become a key figure in a free-scoring Monaco team alongside fellow raiding full-back Benjamin Mendy. He would have been a useful signing for the Gunners.
      


Should Wenger bring in a new full-back in January?



Should Wenger bring in a new full-back in January?

Yes


No

 Total votes: 17



As a player who can operate in either full-back berth, Sidibe would have given Wenger options. Their depth is not strong, particularly at right-back. Hector Bellerin’s recent injury highlighted the problem when Wenger chose to rely on centre-back Gabriel after Carl Jenkinson struggled and Mathieu Debuchy suffered more injury woes.
Things are a little better at left-back, even if 30-year-old Nacho Monreal lacks pace and is showing his age this season. Backup Kieran Gibbs’ future is in doubt as Arsenal are putting off contract talks, despite the player’s current deal expiring in 18 months, according to John Cross of the Daily Mirror.
Arsenal need more options at full-back, but will have to widen their search if Chelsea increase their interest in Sidibe.


Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



