













Just Arsenal News
Arsenal Transfer News & Rumours | Arsenal FC Team news


Main Menu
Skip to content

HomeArsenal Offers
Just Arsenal Blogs
Privacy Notice
Contact

About us


LIVE SCORES
Arsenal Injuries
Arsenal links





Join The Discussion, REGISTER or LOGIN to post a comment.














 Arsenal News 24/7 



 



Top Blog Partners 



 
  Tweets by @JustArsenal


 



 



  Posted on
          January 30, 2017          by ADMIN
                             


Akpom moving on but Jenkinson staying at Arsenal


I am very surprised that Carl Jenkinson hasn’t accepted a move across London to Crystal Palace, despite Arsene Wenger making it clear that he is not wanted at Arsenal any more. Le Prof suggested earlier that the permanent deal may still be on, but unlikely. He said today on Arsenal.com: 
on Carl Jenkinson…
There’s no news about him at all.
on whether there’s a possibility he could leave in January…
We are still open because we have many players in his position, but at the moment it doesn’t look like something will happen.
on whether Jenkinson’s move to Palace is dead…
For us, no. For him? I don’t know.
on whether it would be a permanent deal…
Yes.
But, according to the Palace boss Sam Allardyce, they have moved on to other priorities. Sam said: “We have other priorities at the moment [than Jenkinson],” 
“Who knows what might happen, but not for now. 
“Caceres is one who may appear after the window as he’s not attached to a club. Yes, I have an interest.
“We’re still hunting for at least two players. We’re sitting with as many people as we possibly can, particularly yesterday.”
It seems a shame for both Arsenal and Jenkinson that he has not moved on as he is unlikely to be involved in any games for Arsenal this season. He would be better off anywhere that he could possibly get some games to get his “confidence” back.
One player that is definitely on the move is Chuba Akpom. He has only played in one League Cup game this season, and with the wealth of attacking talent at Arsenal right now he has no chance of getting a look in. Last season he played at Hull, who were promoted to the Premiership, and now he is going to join the Championship leaders Brighton on loan until the end of the season, according to today’s Daily Mirror. I just hope he gets to play a bit more because he is also wasted at Arsenal at the moment.
It also looks like nobody is interested in Mathieu Debuchy, and why on earth has nobody talked about Yaya Sanogo leaving? He has disappeared completely off the radar at Arsenal and is probably below even Akpom in the pecking order. He needs to go…..
Admin
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal News, Arsenal NewsNow, Arsenal Transfer News on January 30, 2017 by Admin.						











 



Post navigation
← Welbeck won’t play so who will be Arsenal’s front 3 against Watford?
BOO! Wenger slaps down latest BIG Arsenal transfer rumour →

 

 


			2 thoughts on “Akpom moving on but Jenkinson staying at Arsenal”		




Onochie January 30, 2017 at 6:14 pm 

Shouldn’t wenger be encouraging the player to get some kind of confidence. Why is Jenkinson so dead to Wenger. Good luck to Akpom,I hope he flourishes. Admin,write something About Watford
Rate this comment:  1  0 







Midkemma January 30, 2017 at 10:46 pm 

Isn’t Sonogoalss contract up at the end of the season?
Might as well give up on him and look to the future, I mean… who could we get willing to pay his wages?
Good luck to Akpom, he needs to step up if he wants to play for Arsenal so he should be aiming to be a beast of a CF on loan.
Mavididi is rumored to be available on loan and that could be promising, Charlton is the latest I read to be keen on bringing him in, he has done well for the u21 and promising to see that he might get experience in the league.
Akpom has the attributes and potential but yet to show it at the level required, if he isn’t careful than Mivididi could overtake him in the pecking order, could this help push Akpom?
Rate this comment:  0  0 





Comments are closed.
 


 




 


 



Search JustArsenal,com

Search for:



Recent CommentsNY_Gunner on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Wayne Barker on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Impenia on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?hecmanx on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?RSH on FOUR changes Arsenal desperately need after Munich disaster…. 





Friendly Sites

Barcelona News
Football News and rumours
LIVE SCORES
Man United News
Real Madrid News


 



Polls



Do you want Thieet Henry to manage Arsenal one day?
 No
 Yes
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 












Custom WordPress theme & web design by Arena DM













