 











International Business Times, India Edition












International Business Times, India Edition











India


Elections


World


Business


Technology


Sports


Entertainment


Auto


Budget 2017


Photos

Video



Search

















Search















Home


Sports


Football





Karim Benzema to Arsenal or Chelsea? Real Madrid keen to sell off striker
With Karim Benzema set to turn 30 this year and nowhere near his best, Real Madrid are keen to offload the striker either now or in the summer.








Bryan Rodrigues





January 30, 2017 14:07 IST










































Karim Benzema.Reuters
Real Madrid and France striker Karim Benzema has been offered to Premier League clubs Chelsea and Arsenal after Real Madrid president Florentino Perez grew frustrated with the striker's inconsistent performance this season.
Also read: Arsenal after Marco Reus if Alexis Sanchez leaves
Benzema has been one of Real Madrid's most lethal strikers in the last few years but ever since his legal issue came to light, he has not been the same player. Benzema, who had scored 28 goals last season, has managed only 12 so far this season and seen his game time reduce.   
With Benzema not performing, Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane has opted to play Cristiano Ronaldo in his position and with the latter scoring at least one goal per game, things will certainly look more challenging for the Frenchman.
Benzema did have a chance to stake his claim in their recent Copa del Ray match against Celta Vigo but he failed as Real Madrid ended up drawing the match and got eliminated from the tournament and in Madrid's recent 3-0 win against Real Sociedad, the striker was booed off the pitch and now Perez is determined to sell the striker before he turns 30.
It's not clear if they are going to let him go in the current January transfer window or wait till the summer but Perez wants to offload the striker soon.
Karim Benzema has been linked to Arsenal for a really long time in recent years but it's not sure if Arsenal will be willing to sign him. With Danny Welbeck back from injury and in form and Olivier Giroud, too, among the goals, the only possibility of Benzema joining Arsenal would be in the summer if Alexis Sanchez or any of Arsenals top strikers were to leave.
Chelsea might be a good destination for Benzema and with Antonio Conte still unconvinced about the abilities of Michy Batshuayi, they might be willing to sign him however, Benzema would obviously want a lot of first team football and if he has to warm the bench and play back up to Diego Costa he might consider his options further.
With Real Madrid willing to let Benzema go, Paris Saint-Germain have also shown an interest in signing the Frenchman and if a lot more potential suitors come in, his transfer fee might go up.RelatedJuventus manager Massimiliano Allegri set to replace Arsene Wenger at Arsenal in the summer?FA Cup results: Liverpool's nightmare 2017 continues as Wolves stun Premier League heavyweightsDimitri Payet heading back to FranceAlso readPhilippe Coutinho signs new contract with LiverpoolChelsea targeting Manchester City keeper. 


Post Comment


















IBT TV









Close



Usain Bolt 'initially disappointed' after having gold medal stripped





Why advertise with us?


Latest News






NBA-All Star game 2017 live streaming: Watch East vs West basketball live on TV, Online

4 hours ago
By Ashim Sunam








Editor's Pick







Centre to restrict maternity benefit scheme to first child only due to Budget constraints







Clean drinking water can cause asthma, says study







Why advertise with us?


most popular






India A vs Australia warm-up match Day 2 live cricket score: Follow the Ind vs Aus action live
It was all Australia on day one of the warm-up match against India A and they will want more of the same again as they prepare for the Ind vs Aus series -- follow the live scores







Virat Kohli's inspiration: Who is Paramahansa Yogananda?
Kohli shared an Instagram post mentioning how the book 'Autobiography of a Yogi' will change everyone's life!



  



IPL 2017 auction schedule: TV guide, time, date, venue, available money - all you need to know
The IPL 2017 auction promises to be another one of those paddle raising, player grabbing, man-that's-a-lot-of-money exercise -- all you need to know about the auction







MotoGP 2017: Full list of teams and riders after lots of reshuffling for new season
Most of the teams have changed their rider line-up for 2017 and Red Bull KTM Factory Racing is the new entrant.







Justin Bieber is more important than Indian football, and here's proof
The Bieber concert in May is taking place at the DY Patil Stadium in Mumbai, one of the venues for the historic FIFA U17 World Cup 2017.







IPL auction: Kings XI Punjab - current squad, auction needs, players to buy, purse available, targets
Kings XI Punjab finished last in the points table in IPL 2016. They will want to avoid that from happening again by buying some stars in the IPL 2017 player auction







Thierry Henry or Diego Simeone? War at Arsenal over next manager as Arsene Wenger says he wants four more years
Stan Kroenke and Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov, two of Arsenal's biggest shareholders, are not on agreement as to who should assume the mantle once Wenger leaves.







FA Cup 5th round results
Chelsea and Middlesbrough managed a win to progress into the next round of the FA Cup but Leicester City, Burnley suffered shock defeats while Manchester City have a replay against Huddersfield.







Photo Gallery






Sanjay Dutt takes scooter ride with family in Agra
Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt is not just enjoying the shooting of his comeback film "Bhoomi" here, but also the company of his wife Maanayata and their two children.







MK Stalin, other DMK MLAs and MPs sit on a dharna at Marina
DMK Working President M.K. Stalin on Saturday sat in protest near the Mahatma Gandhi statue on Marina beach against the manner in which he and his party legislators were evicted from the state assembly.












 

India
US
World
Business
Technology
Sports
Entertainment
Auto
Photos
Video





About us
Advertise with us
Brand
Terms of service
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Permission
Syndication
Careers
Contact


Editions:
Australia
China
India
Italy
Japan
Singapore
U.K.
U.S.





© Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved.

Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Pinterest
RSS


















