













 
The Arsenal fans site for true Gooners






















Search ...  Search 




















Home 


Match News





Previews


Reviews


Confirmed Line Ups


Opposition View


Post Match Q&A







AV News 


Articles 


My Vision 


Your Vision 


Search 


AV Podcast





Podcast







Contact Us 





Advertising 






















Log in

Register








Login to your account

						Don't have an account yet?  Register now!  


Username *





Password *








							Remember Me					






 




					Forgot your password?



					Forgot your username?








Create an account

Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.


Name *






Username *






Password *






Verify password *






Email *






Verify email *







Captcha *



Reload Captcha







							Register							
						

 









Arsenal News 24/7




















 


		For site advertising enquiries	









		Refresh [F5] For More Giftastic Gunners	











HomePreviewsChelsea (a) Thoughts & Line Up: Big game needed from Alexis & Özil









 Previews 






							Chelsea (a) Thoughts & Line Up: Big game needed from Alexis & Özil					


   

 Print 
 Email 




													Details							


Mean Lean 



					19 September 2015				




						Created: 19 September 2015					




Losing to Zagreb wasn't much in the way of fun. My night went from bad to worse from that half time whistle onwards. I messed up my leg jumping down from a height, I whacked my head on an overhead train rack, dropped my hat in a puddle of water amongst other horrendous things that really shouldn't take place all in one night but I tell you what, I'd do it all again for an Arsenal victory this lunchtime. Oh yes, if there was one team, one manager that I want us to overcome it is this one. The victory in the Community shield was very enjoyable, the goal from Ox was top quality and the way we shut them out was classy and professional but in the middle of all the post much high fiving I found myself wishing it was at Stamford Bridge because this is where it matters. Unfortunately Jose Mourinho will probably be drumming that into his players heads. They are fully aware that victory against us will more than likely kick start their season and surely if you are a good human being, you cannot want that. We have all been enjoying and smirking at the Special ones, special results of late. That continuing is just a good thing for the rest of the world but as we know, good things don't always happen and we would be beyond foolish to expect them to approach this game any differently to how they have done in recent years.Recent history is clearly not on our side at the Bridge, I won't give you the list because it makes for grim reading but the 3-5 victory in 2011 was the most recent and then you have to go back two years to 2009 when a Robin van Persie brace in the space of 3 minutes saw us take all three points. Then you are going back to 2004. In fact those were the good old days in regards to this fixture. We used to whip them for fun pretty much every game. You know pre Roman Abramovich cash and pre Emirates move. Do you reckon there is any correlation in that?Anyway onto the players, I think we can all guess the line up right? There really are not any other possibilities really. Hector Bellerin and Aaron Ramsey were given the night off on Wednesday night and will almost certainly come straight back into the team at the expense of Mathieu Debuchy and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. It was obvious anyway but Arsène gave the game away when he was asked about Kurt Zouma's strengths. He said that he hoped Walcott would trouble him.. erm should I start him that is, or something along those lines.
Mean Lean's Predicted Line Up:
While I love Per Mertesacker's calm, stature and distribution, it will be great to have the insurance of Gabriel's pace against Diego Costa. That will be a very interesting battle, especially with Koscielny on the cover. Those two playing in a solid unit would be a nightmare for any striker I feel. Hopefully we shut him out, scrap that. I hope the entire team shut out all their creative players out. I am looking for a big performance from Francis Coquelin today, we are going to need him to be at his best as the midfield is going to be one hell of a battle. I can see Oscar being in the team to try and stop Cazorla from getting on the ball, Ramires will be in the side to kick, and disrupt the likes of Özil. Alexis will be doubled up on when he gets the ball on the left. Ramsey may drift inside to stop the likes of Fabregas when Chelsea have the ball. All over the pitch we should see some really intriguing mini matches going on.This is a graphic from the Guardian that I played around with. All the lines look like interesting match ups whether Arsenal have the ball or Chelsea. The only Arsenal player without an obvious key battle is Monreal unless Ivanovic does a Bellerin and bombs forward for large chunks of the match. It is going to be interesting how we approach the game. Will Koscielny and Gabriel mean that we will push high against Chelsea and attack them from the off? Will we play aggressive front foot football and go for the win, instilling a strong belief in the team that they can go on and out play the champions? Or will we be more conservative, bide our time and stop Chelsea from scoring before we slowly grow into the game or catch them on the break? Also interesting to see how Chelsea approach it, knowing just how far away they are. I certainly don't expect them to be gung-ho in the opening minutes though. What I would love to see is one of our star players to make the difference. We need to be strong and stable at the back. So Cech, Kos, Gab, Monreal and Coq need to be at their best and then we need Özil to pick out the kind of pass he did against Stoke or Reading in last years FA cup semi final. Or we need Alexis to spank one in from 25 yards as he did against Villa in the final. This is why we pay the big bucks for these guys.Let us get the opening goal and let us not make any mistakes. We owe them a beating so let us get it done.I couldn't get a Chelsea fan to do the opposition view so no article there but post match Q&A, review and podcast to follow over the next few days.COME ON YOU GUNNERS!


 





















				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			


15 Sep 2015


So let me stop reminiscing of days gone by and let me focus on our Welsh wonder. Let me start off by saying that I think it is quite obvious that Aaron Ramsey is better in central midfield. His partnership with Mesut Özil, his running from deep and his underrated ball winning ability makes him a ...Read more







My Vision


15
Sep



				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			




09
Aug



				Thoughts on Arsenal's squad for season 15/16			




31
Jul



				Thoughts on Arsenal's pre season & Potential selection surprises			




10
Jul



				Diaby and Podolski: The what might have beens			




09
Jul



				Arteta is no liability & Can prove valuable in new team			










Latest Articles



				AV Post Match Podcast - EP127: Bayern Munich (a) - Milk The Talent Out Of Him			





				Bayern Munich (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Pace, Power & Pragmatism			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP126:  Hull City (h) - The Crazy Optimist			





				Hull City (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Victory Needed To Steady The Rocking Ship			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP125:  Chelsea (a) - We’re Literally All Going To Die			





				Chelsea (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Only An Arsenal Victory Will Be Good Enough			





				Watford (h) - Tuesday Sucked Big Time			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP124:  Watford (h) - The Vulnerability Of Covering Green Grass			





				Watford (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: A Lovely Selection Headache for Arsène tonight			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP123:  Southampton (a) - Walbeck or Welcott			



Other Football Articles



				The Curious Case of Danny Welbeck			





				Expert Health Tips for Footballers by Christiano Ronaldo			





				How Gambling in Football Impacts Arsenal FC			





				Betting in Football			





















Footie Links

 




    











Copyright © 2015 Arsenal Vision. All Rights Reserved.
Site design by Bagenda.com




 Contact UsSite MapAccessibility and usabilityTerms of useAdvertising










