













 
The Arsenal fans site for true Gooners






















Search ...  Search 




















Home 


Match News





Previews


Reviews


Confirmed Line Ups


Opposition View


Post Match Q&A







AV News 


Articles 


My Vision 


Your Vision 


Search 


AV Podcast





Podcast







Contact Us 





Advertising 






















Log in

Register








Login to your account

						Don't have an account yet?  Register now!  


Username *





Password *








							Remember Me					






 




					Forgot your password?



					Forgot your username?








Create an account

Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.


Name *






Username *






Password *






Verify password *






Email *






Verify email *







Captcha *



Reload Captcha







							Register							
						

 









Arsenal News 24/7




















 


		For site advertising enquiries	









		Refresh [F5] For More Giftastic Gunners	











HomeReviewsDinamo Zagreb (a) - Theo goal not enough as disjointed Gunners lose fluency









 Reviews 






							Dinamo Zagreb (a) - Theo goal not enough as disjointed Gunners lose fluency					


   

 Print 
 Email 




													Details							


Mean Lean 



					17 September 2015				




						Created: 17 September 2015					



 

I missed the first 14 minutes of the first half and had to leave the pub at half time to get to work so I only managed to soak up half an hour or so of Arsenal's defeat in Zagreb. So I am not going to be able to go into much depth on the game itself at this moment in time. I will more than likely force myself to watch that second half because well.. I am a glutton for punishment.When I read the line up before kick off, I was very surprised with the amount of changes to the team. Surprised because it is unlike Arsène to ring in so many changes so early into a season. The Arsène we know tends to pick an 11 and stick with them so they can gel, develop partnerships until they are playing in automatic and also play there way into form. It is usually around the Christmas mark when Arsène flips open his book of rotation, so to see both full backs come in as well as Ospina behind then and Mikel Arteta in the defensive midfield position was somewhat of a surprise to me. Now before I go on any further with this I want to say that I fully understand the managers reasoning behind the changes. Playing away from home on a Wednesday in Croatia only to face Chelsea away from home on Saturday lunchtime is about as bad as it gets so playing your first 11 for both games would be a big risk and we already know how quickly injuries can surface but that said, I thought we let the air out of our own tyres by changing so many partnerships on the pitch.Did Petr Cech need to be rested? Was it wise to play Mikel Arteta in his first start without the power and running of either Aaron Ramsey or Francis Coquelin? Was a midfield trio of Arteta, Cazorla and Özil too lightweight away from home against a team who score plenty of goals at home. The Full back and centre back partnerships were broken as were the full back and defensive midfield understanding.The Zagreb goal was a perfect illustration of the team not communicating together. Did Mathieu Debuchy need to drift over so close to Gabriel? But that is understandable as the Zagreb attack builds down the right but surely Oxlade-Chamberlain has to react quicker to the left back. Moments before that screenshot, he had a glance to see where he was and he can clearly see Debuchy leaving that space, he has to react much quicker. Even when he does put the burners on to get back, he halts his run just before the pass is made. Did he want to play offside? Or did he want to close down the passer instead? Who knows but it killed us, that extra second allowed the left back to squeeze in a shot which bounced back onto Ox and into the net. There was talk of it being offside but it did not look that wayFunnily enough a similar goal mouth scramble happened at the other end of the pitch when the Ox crossed over to Giroud but instead of the rebound bouncing into the net from the base of the post, it bounced away to safety. Small margins my friends, small margins.It was not Giroud's night, or his 40 odd minutes. The ball was not sticking when balls were played up to him and his link up play around the box wasn't as strong as it can be. He was getting calls against him and he let the referee know his frustration which resulted in a needless booking and it was that booking which ultimately got him sent off. In defence of the referee, it looked like a cynical kick on first viewing or maybe that was just my eyes.Giroud was dismissed and we were a goal down, playing a team that had little chemistry. I left the pub not feeling very confident of us turning the game around. I have seen the second goal and it wasn't very good from a defensive point of view. But when you change three of our back five you are hardly going to have the same stability. In fact watching parts of that first half game me a little confidence about our defending which seems a strange thing to say. The reason is that we hardly ever look so unorganised these days so it wasn't the norm to witness us look shaky.Theo Walcott came on and scored a very good goal, making one of his trademark runs he was found by Alexis and his side foot finish found the far corner. One or two of those at Stamford Bridge on Saturday wouldn't go amiss.Now I don't know how many chances we had in the second half or how close we came to equalising but losing your first CL group game means you are playing catch up. Arsène said post match that he didn't believe the changes were the reason for our defeat and maybe he is right but playing four players at the same time who haven't started a Premier League game this season can not have helped.If Arsenal were playing West Ham at the Emirates last Saturday, I am sure we would have produced a far better performance than the one churned out on week 1. The players were not match fit enough to produce their best football, we could not have played the way we did against Stoke in August and it is the same for the likes of Mathieu Debuchy, Kieran Gibbs, Mikel Arteta and David Ospina.Maybe it would have been wise to have approached the game differently, instead of trying to find fluency from a group of unready players and broken partnerships, maybe it would have been easier to play defensively, plug holes and not concede then we could have used the quality of Özil and Alexis on the break. But it is easy to say from behind a keyboard.I am trying not to read too much into this game and hopefully it will mean very little when the last group game comes around. Let us hope we can turn it around but before all that, let us produce a much, much better performance at Stamford Bridge with what is likely to be a much stronger or at least match fit team.


 





















				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			


15 Sep 2015


So let me stop reminiscing of days gone by and let me focus on our Welsh wonder. Let me start off by saying that I think it is quite obvious that Aaron Ramsey is better in central midfield. His partnership with Mesut Özil, his running from deep and his underrated ball winning ability makes him a ...Read more







My Vision


15
Sep



				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			




09
Aug



				Thoughts on Arsenal's squad for season 15/16			




31
Jul



				Thoughts on Arsenal's pre season & Potential selection surprises			




10
Jul



				Diaby and Podolski: The what might have beens			




09
Jul



				Arteta is no liability & Can prove valuable in new team			










Latest Articles



				AV Post Match Podcast - EP127: Bayern Munich (a) - Milk The Talent Out Of Him			





				Bayern Munich (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Pace, Power & Pragmatism			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP126:  Hull City (h) - The Crazy Optimist			





				Hull City (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Victory Needed To Steady The Rocking Ship			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP125:  Chelsea (a) - We’re Literally All Going To Die			





				Chelsea (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Only An Arsenal Victory Will Be Good Enough			





				Watford (h) - Tuesday Sucked Big Time			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP124:  Watford (h) - The Vulnerability Of Covering Green Grass			





				Watford (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: A Lovely Selection Headache for Arsène tonight			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP123:  Southampton (a) - Walbeck or Welcott			



Other Football Articles



				The Curious Case of Danny Welbeck			





				Expert Health Tips for Footballers by Christiano Ronaldo			





				How Gambling in Football Impacts Arsenal FC			





				Betting in Football			





















Footie Links

 




    











Copyright © 2015 Arsenal Vision. All Rights Reserved.
Site design by Bagenda.com




 Contact UsSite MapAccessibility and usabilityTerms of useAdvertising










