




Skip to main content







 




 

Behold Israel








Social Media

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
 




Primary Navigation


AboutBiography
International Teaching
Download the App
Welcome Video

News From IsraelNews
Articles
Amir's Blog

EventsTeaching Engagements
Teaching In Israel

Resources StoreDVD's
Books

Contact
Donate






news


 







 
BreadcrumbsNews From IsraelNewsISIS chemical weapons arsenal discovered in Mosul over the weekend



ISIS chemical weapons arsenal discovered in Mosul over the weekend






Weapons arsenal discovered in eastern Mosul; Chemical agents likely to have been smuggled from Syria; Investigation underway–

Iraqi and French forces discovered hidden mustard chemical warfare agents and Russian-made surface-to-surface missiles belonging to ISIS in eastern Mosul over the weekend.
The weapons arsenal was uncovered in an abandoned storage warehouse close to the Tigris River near the Nineveh ruins, the weapons likely to have come from Syria. An investigation is currently underway as well as coordinated military efforts to search the area. Authorities believe that ISIS intended to use the chemical agents in the missiles.
Brig. Gen. Haider Fadhil of the Iraq’s special forces stated following video footage released of the weapons that “We know that they were using this place to experiment with chemical weapons.”
ISIS continues its efforts in gaining more territories in Syria and northern Iraq and as rebel forces manage to penetrate into the most secure part of Damascus. The region has been under extreme fighting with ISIS continuing to expand its grasp in the region despite Iraqi, Kurdish and US forces.
Meanwhile, Israel has issued a travel warning for Israeli citizens in Egypt, particularly in the Sinai Peninsula. Jihadist groups in Egypt launched a campaign/hit list with the names and information of hundreds of Egyptian military and police personnel, calling on Islamic extremists groups to murder them. ISIS is believed to be behind the campaign which surfaced on the internet last week.
The Islamic State is active in Egypt, the Egyptian military focusing its efforts on combatting terror cells and plots in the region. ISIS has claimed responsibility for seven attacks in Cairo in 2016 and four in 2015.
 

A timely message on the blessed hope of every believer. What is the rapture? Who will be raptured? When will that happen? These questions and more are answered in this teaching, recorded on the top of the Mt. of Olives in Jerusalem.
All DVD purchases are donations to the Behold Israel Ministry. The DVD can be purchased on our online store, here:
The Mystery of the Rapture DVD
  
 










 




Download the Behold Israel App and Stay Updated

App Store
Google Play
Windows Store
 







 




Copyright

©Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.
500 North Central Ave., Suite 325 | Glendale, California 91203
Toll Free: 844-423-4653














