








The Hollywood Reporter































































    movies





        Subscribe
    



























    reviews



    box office



    heat vision



    coming soon









    movies



    tv



    music



    tech



    the business



    style



    culture



    travel



    awards



    video



Subscribe



Blogs


    heat vision



    bastard machine



    live feed



    behind the screen



    esq



    earshot



    the race



Newsletter



THR Social: 















Mahershala's Moment
Subscribe Now


Never Miss A Story.
Sign up for our Newsletters.


Daily Edition
Login to download



























'Arsenal': Film Review











        6:00 AM PST 1/3/2017
    
            by
        

                                    Sheri Linden 
                             




            FACEBOOK
        



            TWITTER
        



            EMAIL ME
        



            YOUTUBE
        



            PRINT
        



                COMMENTS
            





                For Nic Cage completists only.
                
            TWITTER
                


                1/6/2017
            






        Stephen C. Miller’s Mississippi-set drama stars Adrian Grenier and Johnathon Schaech as brothers targeted by Nicolas Cage’s diabolical crime boss.
    
While deploying an action-pulp armory of slo-mo slaughter and hard-slamming brutality, the crime thriller Arsenal also taps into primal matters of brotherly loyalty and betrayal. The brothers — one straight-arrow, one ne’er-do-well — are played by Adrian Grenier and Johnathon Schaech, digging into two-dimensional roles with conviction. The key attraction, though, if you find sadistic maniacs entertaining, is Nicolas Cage in full-throttle wacko regalia.
Director Steven C. Miller shot Arsenal in two weeks. With a cast that also includes John Cusack and Cage’s real-life brother, Christopher Coppola, the key takeaway is that some screen vets welcome the opportunity to dip into quick-and-dirty genre work. Bruce Willis toplined Marauders, the previous release by Miller, who has made nine features since 2012.
The screenplay by first-timer Jason Mosberg is an unremarkable retread of well-worn crime-movie tropes. Its action revolves around JP Lindel (Grenier), a hardworking family man, and his older brother, Mikey (Schaech) — divorced and broke, black-market transactions his fallback. A bad business decision involving cocaine puts Mikey in the crosshairs of his former employer/protector/surrogate father, crime boss Eddie King (Cage, adorned with noticeably enhanced schnoz and purposely atrocious wig).




An opening sequence set at a turning point in the siblings’ troubled youth reveals the depth of the bond, as well as the divide, between boys who were left to their own devices (the youthful Mikey and JP are played, respectively, by Zachary Legendre and Kelton DuMont). This prologue also delights in the gruesome fact that Mikey first encounters the deranged Eddie, mid-murder, in a plastic-sheathed torture chamber near a kids’ arcade.
When the grown-up JP, who has all the requisite good-guy yadda-yadda — construction business, infant child, wife (Lydia Hull) who says grace — receives a ransom demand for his brother, at first he’s the only one to take the threat seriously. Most everyone who knows the involved parties assumes that Mikey partnered with Eddie on a scam to fleece JP. Among the skeptics are undercover detective Sal (John Cusack), his colleague Gus (Tyler Jon Olson) and Mikey’s ex-wife, Vicki (Megan Leonard), with whom he shares only vitriol and a noncommunicative teen daughter (Abbie Gayle).
The film teases out the question of Mikey’s complicity, and there’s a modicum of intrigue over whether his kidnapping is fake. Along the way, Miller and photography director Brandon Cox make good use of the Biloxi locations, from backyard barbecues to a minor league baseball game at MGM Park — although the requisite screeching-wheels car chase is shot in the thick of night and less than thrilling. But it’s all just lead-up to the main event, a small-town apocalyptic showdown, aka a shoot-out between good and evil. Ratcheting up Eddie’s malevolence in ways large and small, Cage delivers the latest installment in his singularly unfettered brand of over-the-top screen madness.
The mayhem escalates with Coppola’s appearance as Eddie’s brother, whose friendly moniker, Buddy, is entirely misleading. Miller orchestrates the final crescendo of bloodletting by indulging in a jokey, ultra-slow-motion ballet of shotgun pellets, spurting arteries and exploding skulls. He accomplishes what he set out to do, but it’s all been done before.
Distributor: Lionsgate Premiere
	Production companies: Grindstone Entertainment Group, Emmett Furla Oasis Films, Ingenious Media, River Bay Films, Tinker Productions
	Cast: Adrian Grenier, Johnathon Schaech, Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, Lydia Hull, Christopher Coppola, Megan Leonard, Christopher Rob Bowen, Tyler Jon Olson, Shea Buckner, Abbie Gayle, Zachary Legendre, Kelton DuMont
	Director: Steven C. Miller
	Screenwriter: Jason Mosberg
	Producers: Randall Emmett, George Furla
	Executive producers: Marc Goldberg, Mark Stewart, Wayne Marc Godfrey, Robert Jones, Steven Saxton, Vance Owen, Ted Fox, Barry Brooker, Stan Wertlieb
	Director of photography: Brandon Cox
	Production designer: Niko Vilaivongs
	Costume designer: Rachel Stringfellow
	Editor: Vincent Tabaillon
	Composers: Ryan Franks, Scott Nickoley

Rated R, 92 minutes







Comments




comments powered by Disqus
















The Hollywood Reporter


                © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter
                
                All rights reserved.
            

Terms of Use |
                Privacy |
                                    Sitemap |
                                About Our Ads





About Us


Login


Daily Edition


Subscribe


Subscriber Services


Back Issues


Advertising


Contact Us


Careers


Industry Jobs






                        Follow Us On
                        Twitter


                        Find Us On
                        Facebook


                        Watch Us On
                        Youtube





Our affiliate publications


Billboard


Backstage Casting


































