












NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


























 shares
















 




 





















Search
						











Standout
Trending Topics
Sports
Celebs
Society
Spotlight












 








 

















Manchester United v Wigan, FA Cup LIVE score  | FA Cup
             

 UPDATED 3 weeks ago







FA Cup
Only 38% possession, but they had 13 shots to Watford’s four, which tells its own story.

Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho is aiming to lead United to the fifth round of the FA Cup, days after his side booked a place in the EFL Cup final.

Jose Mourinho has named his Manchester United starting line-up to face Wigan Athletic at Old Trafford , making nine changes to the side that played in Thursday’s EFL Cup semi-final second leg against Hull City.Cesc Fabregas says Liverpool’s FA Cup defeat to Wolves served as a reminder of the need to “give 100 per cent” in every game.

I said it at the top of the MBM, I fancied a Millwall win today, and after a magnificent week for the club off the pitch, they fully deserved their win.

Man United take on Wigan, as the Red Devils bid to retain the trophy they won last season.

The veteran German had previously featured for just 16 minutes this season, but he was given his long-awaited chance on Sunday.

League One Millwall capped a significant week in their existence with a 1-0 home victory over Watford that took them into the fifth round of the FA Cup.

BASTIAN SCHWEINSTEIGER will start in the Man Utd line-up to face Wigan in the FA Cup.

NON LEAGUE Sutton made FA Cup history after their terrific victory over Leeds United thanks to Jamie Collins’ penalty.Manchester United 0-0 Wigan LIVE: Hosts seek opening goal in FA Cup four round clash.

And the Elland Road club showed little interest themselves in progressing to the fifth round and ended the game with 10 men.

The Championship high-fliers have made the trip to the Borough Sports Ground to face National League side Sutton.

Leeds United saw Premier League promotion rivals Newcastle and Brighton crash out of the FA Cup yesterday.He oversaw the development of several players at United as both players made their way into the first-team.

Manchester United fans stunned as Bastian Schweinsteiger STARTS FA Cup clash against Wigan.

MANCHESTER UNITED host Wigan in the final FA Cup game of the fourth round weekend.

Follow all the action LIVE with Express Sport.

Joyce takes his Wigan side to Old Trafford for the FA Cup fourth round tie on Sunday.

Last season’s semi-finalists are out of the FA Cup and next face the daunting prospect of a trip to Arsenal.

When Sutton United take on Leeds United in front of a capacity crowd at the Borough Sports Ground on Sunday, they will offer another generation the tantalising prospect of a giant being slayed in the FA Cup, yet they no longer wish to climb the beanstalk.

Updates from the fourth-round FA Cup tie at Old Trafford; Live scores and fixtures: keep up with all of today’s games; Email michael.butler@theguardian.com.

LONDON Premier League clubs Watford and Hull City paid the penalty for fielding weakened teams when they were both knocked out of the FA Cup in the fourth round on Sunday.

Liam Cooper and Hadi Sacko feature for Garry Monk’s side while Kyle Bartley, Liam Bridcutt and Chris Wood are among those who have.

Pics: Bastian Schweinsteiger and Man Utd squad arrive for Wigan FA Cup clash.
























FA Cup


















































































































          Copyright © 2014. 
          
NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


































