







   Skip to search.     New user? Register  Sign inHelp  Get the News Digest app    MailYahoo         Yahoo UK & Ireland Sport          Search   Search web       











Follow Yahoo Sports UK







on Facebook





on Twitter





Score Strip 
League: Football



Southampton vs. Arsenal


PPD.
 
P Southampton
        

P Arsenal
         





Manchester City vs. Manchester United


PPD.
 
P Man City
        

P Man Utd
         





Chelsea vs. Swansea City


Sat 15:00 GMT
 
          Chelsea
        

          Swansea
         





Crystal Palace vs. Middlesbrough


Sat 15:00 GMT
 
          Crystal Palace
        

          Middlesbrough
         





Everton vs. Sunderland


Sat 15:00 GMT
 
          Everton
        

          Sunderland
         





Hull City vs. Burnley


Sat 15:00 GMT
 
          Hull
        

          Burnley
         





West Bromwich Albion vs. Bournemouth


Sat 15:00 GMT
 
          West Brom
        

          Bournemouth
         





Watford vs. West Ham United


Sat 17:30 GMT
 
          Watford
        

          West Ham
         





Tottenham Hotspur vs. Stoke City


Sun 13:30 GMT
 
          Spurs
        

          Stoke
         





Leicester City vs. Liverpool


27ᵗʰ 20:00 GMT
 
          Leicester
        

          Liverpool
         





Manchester United vs. Bournemouth


4ᵗʰ 12:30 GMT
 
          Man Utd
        

          Bournemouth
         





Leicester City vs. Hull City


4ᵗʰ 15:00 GMT
 
          Leicester
        

          Hull
         





Stoke City vs. Middlesbrough


4ᵗʰ 15:00 GMT
 
          Stoke
        

          Middlesbrough
         





Swansea City vs. Burnley


4ᵗʰ 15:00 GMT
 
          Swansea
        

          Burnley
         





Watford vs. Southampton


4ᵗʰ 15:00 GMT
 
          Watford
        

          Southampton
         


View All

 

Current League:Premier LeagueSelect a sport:



Football

Premier League Bundesliga Champions League Championship Europa League UEFA Euro 2016 FA Cup La Liga Ligue 1 Serie A














Home


Daily Fantasy Football


Esports


Football


Photos


Videos


Transfer News


Daily Fantasy


Premier League


Scottish Football


Champions League


Europa League


FA Cup


League Cup


La Liga

More ›




Other Leagues


Copa América







Tennis


F1


Motorsport


Cricket


Rugby Union


Cycling


NFL


Boxing


Golf


Athletics


More Sports











    




   



Hot Transfer Window Gossip: Benzema 'offered to Arsenal and Chelsea', Saints 'close in on £17m Gabbiadini', West Brom 'want Ivanovic'






By Kevin Darling
30 January 2017 09:02























 View photo.Here’s a hypothetical question. If your friend made a video of himself making love with a lady and some of your other friends’ friends procured this video and asked you to tell your friend that he could get the video back by paying some money, resulting in you being charged with being involved in an alleged blackmail plot and facing trial and a possible five-year jail term, do you think your performance in the workplace in the interim period would be affected?There’s no right or wrong answer, don’t worry about it. It’s just that in Karim Benzema’s case it appears the aforementioned predicament – one that he currently finds himself in – may be playing on his mind.The Real Madrid striker has scored just five league goals in 15 appearances this season, compared to 24 in 27 last term, and has his lacklustre displays have prompted him to be booed by the club’s fans. But the good news is that Arsenal, who have been trying desperately to sign the Frenchman for the past several years, are now reportedly being offered him on a plate.The Metro says Real are “ready to offload” Benzema and have notified the Gunners of this intention, as well as mentioning it to Chelsea to make the bidding war a bit more interesting.The question is, will the Gunners still want him given the aforementioned predicament involving videos, love-making and possible five-year jail terms? We’ll have to wait and see.Southampton are taking a more straight-forward route and buying a striker who will almost definitely not be sent to prison anytime soon. The Mirror says Saints are “confident” of closing a £17m deal for Napoli’s Manolo Gabbiadini before tomorrow’s 11pm transfer deadline.Sunderland’s method for finding a goalscorer is even less ambitious – they’re just targeting one who is overpriced and desperate to play some games. The Sun claims Black Cats boss David Moyes is “haggling” with Leicester over Leonardo Ulloa but is still likely to pay £11m for the 30-year-old Argentine with one goal to his name this season.That’s the same amount as Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic, who the Mail reports is “close” to agreeing a three-and-a-half year contract with Zenit St Petersburg. But the Mirror says that move could be “hijacked” by West Brom manager Tony Pulis, who has made a dramatic appearance at Heathrow airport telling Ivanovic he loves him and begging him to come back home with him to the Hawthorns (or something along those lines).The strange case of Andros Townsend’s return to Newcastle from Crystal Palace, a few months after he joined Crystal Palace from Newcastle, continues apace. Sky Sports says the Magpies’ latest attempt to re-sign the England winger involves them adding defender Chancel Mbemba as a makeweight.Elsewhere, Burnley hope to secure the £13m signing of Norwich winger Robbie Brady before the window slams shut (Mail), an “unnamed Championship club” has made an £8.75m bid for Manchester City’s Australian midfielder Aaron Mooy (Bein Sports) and Chelsea’s reserve goalkeeper Asmir Begovic says he needs to leave Stamford Bridge because he feels “wasted” on the bench (Mirror). What did he expect though, to be fair?@darlingkevin SoccerSports & RecreationKarim BenzemaReal MadridChelsea




   

Sign in to post a reply.



Sorry you didn't like this comment. Please provide a reason below.

Please explain (optional)






Report
Cancel
Close







Are you sure?


Delete
Cancel



Please sign in.
Rating failed. Try again.
Request failed. Try again.
We will promote constructive and witty comments to the top, so that everyone sees them!

Sorry, we can’t load comments right now. Try again.
Comments (8)

Sign in to post a comment.





Top


Latest


                    Retry sorting
                




 Refresh comments
 Refresh comment activity
     
   





Win cash in one day fantasy football contests. Join now!

Learn how to play









Contest
Entries
Entry Fee
Prizes
Starts (EDT)




Premier League Cup Round 3 [£1.5K Free]
28564/500000
Free
£1500

Saturday 10:00 AM
Enter



Champions League £1,000 Round 16
23/225
£5
£1000

Tuesday 2:45 PM
Enter



Champions League £300 Round 16
61/340
£1
£300

Tuesday 2:45 PM
Enter





View today's contests



   



Share this

 











FA Cup round-up: Pogba grows into his role at Manchester UnitedAlex Netherton analyses the weekend's FA Cup action More »Yahoo Sport UK - 3 hours agoFA Cup Quarter-Final draw: Lincoln to face winners of Sutton vs ArsenalThe FA Cup Quarter-Final draw in full More »Yahoo Sport UK - 3 hours ago











Sponsored 






 In pictures: Sunday's FA Cup actionAll the picture action from both FA Cup matches this Sunday More »4 hours agoFA Cup in focus: How Marcus Rashford held his own at BlackburnMarcus Rashford was handed a rare chance to lead the line in Manchester United’s FA Cup fifth round clash at Blackburn.  Here, Press Association Sport assesses how he fared at Ewood Park.  After a slow start, not helped by a generally tepid start from United, Rashford pounced instinctively to make it 1-1 in the 27th minute. More »Yahoo Sport UK - 3 hours agoMourinho: Manchester United's attitude got them throughA comeback victory over Blackburn Rovers kept Manchester United's FA Cup defence on track, but Chelsea await in the last eight. More »Omnisport - 3 hours ago











Sponsored 






Show More





   








Enter
Premier League Cup Round 3 [£1.5K Free]
28564/500000 Entries | Free Entry | £1500 Prizes




Enter
Champions League £1,000 Round 16
23/225 Entries | £5 Entry | £1000 Prizes




Enter
Champions League £300 Round 16
61/340 Entries | £1 Entry | £300 Prizes




View all contests

Learn how to play




   
   Latest Headlines          FA Cup round-up: Pogba grows into his role at Manchester United        FA Cup Quarter-Final draw: Lincoln to face winners of Sutton vs Arsenal        View   In pictures: Sunday's FA Cup action        FA Cup in focus: How Marcus Rashford held his own at Blackburn        Mourinho: Manchester United's attitude got them through       
   Featured          Voices of Sport: Ian Robertson - The BBC rugby man who produced an all-time classic piece of commentary when England won the World Cup        Sport on TV: Channel 4 pull out all the stops for F1 climax, as Manchester City and Chelsea prepare for crucial clash      Get live scores, stats, and standings fast and personalised for your favourite teams.       
Must Watch
   Top Videos            01:30   Play   Bordeaux 3 - 0 Guingamp 01:30         Possible for Man United to win three trophies - Mourinho Sponsored Omnisport Video           00:14   Play   Zlatan contribution 'massive' - Mourinho 00:14          01:24   Play   Lyon's late treble secures comeback win 01:24       
   Latest Blogposts          FA Cup Good Weekend, Bad Weekend: Lincoln go loopy, Lions tame Leicester – and both discover quarter-final …        FA Cup fifth-round wrap: The things you might have missed today        Why Jose Mourinho is picking the wrong kind of fight with Antonio Conte        10 players from bottom-six Premier League clubs who'd fit top-six teams        Mike Dean declares victory after Mark Clattenburg leaves for Saudi Arabia       
   Latest Slideshows            Photos   View   In pictures: Sunday's FA Cup action         Picking an All Star XI of the Premier League's Best Players Outside … Sponsored 90Mins           Photos   View   EPL All Star Weekend!!! London's Best XI vs the Best of Rest of En …          Photos   View   6 Players to Watch During This Weekend's FA Cup 5th Round Ties       



Follow Yahoo Sports UK







on Facebook





on Twitter










Yahoo News Network, Some football data powered by Opta 

Remarks and Suggestions
Privacy
Terms




About our ads





































