









 









 









 









Footymad
Magpies MadMagpies LatestMagpies News

Beating Toon Better Than Beating Arsenal?









Tweet











            
            	By Footy Mad - EditorLast updated : 29 January 2017            

            	Viewed : 









Oxford boss Michael Appleton rated his League One team's stunning 3-0 win over Newcastle as his biggest personal achievement in the FA Cup.
Kane Hemmings put the hosts in front early in the second half before Magpies striker Aleksandar Mitrovic saw his penalty saved by man of the match Simon Eastwood. Curtis Nelson and Toni Martinez made sure of the result with further goals for the hosts.
"For me personally, with the squad Newcastle have got, this surpasses beating Arsenal at the Emirates when I was at Blackburn (in the fifth round four years ago)," Appleton said. "That's how big this is.
"This feels fantastic. It won't be long before Newcastle are plying their trade in the Premier League and, with the squad they've got, they'll be challenging in the top half, I believe.
"We tried to press really high and we had to be brave. We rode our luck at times but it was a fantastic performance.
"It was when we got the second goal that I felt we were going to do it.
"The save from the penalty probably gave the players more belief that we could win the game than if we'd got a goal then - it was massive."
Appleton continued: "Eastwood (earlier) had to make two very, very big saves with his feet (from Mitrovic).
"I said at half-time to the players, 'You won't get a better chance to get into the fifth round'.
"Kane Hemmings wasn't going to play, originally, but there has been interest from a club for Ryan Taylor so he got his chance. To be fair, the cup competitions have been good for Kane. I still want him to score more goals in the league, which I am sure he will."
Martinez's goal came on his debut, and Appleton predicted a big future for the youngster.
"Toni's got a hell of a career ahead of him," the Oxford manager said. "He's just turned 19." 







 




Like
Tweet
+1





Sport News 24/7





				        Newcastle United Matches
				    







Sky Bet Championship Mon 20th February 20:00

Newcastle United v Aston Villa


				   	Next game - Match Preview
				   









Sky Bet Championship Sat 18th February 15:00

 Newcastle United - - - Aston Villa


				   	Last game - Match Centre
				   








 



					    Trending on the boards
					






Executive boxes

										19 Feb 12:27 - tinostongue,
										145 views 4 replies
									





Monday neet

										18 Feb 20:16 - ashingtoon62,
										152 views 4 replies
									





Barton

										18 Feb 14:06 - Zippity,
										358 views 10 replies
									





Dan Pringle / white pointer league table

										18 Feb 13:25 - toonfalifekevbrown,
										143 views 13 replies
									





Wish we were playing today.

										18 Feb 12:03 - Stanleymag,
										274 views 12 replies
									




More from the boards






 












Follow Footymad


Footymad Facebook
Footymad Twitter
Footymad Google+
Footymad's RSS Feed



Sign up and join our team

Football's Writer Program can give you the edge you need to get ahead Apply Now



Information


About Us
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms
Advertise
Contact Us




Football.co.uk

 Latest News European News International News






© 2004 - 2017 www.newcastleunited-mad.co.uk









 














Navigation
 


Newcastle United FC
Latest News
Premier League News
Championship News
Scottish Premiership News
Fixtures & Results
Tables
Magpies Messageboards
 














