































      ☰
      





Home


Football



Athletics


Rugby


Volleyball


Cricket


Boxing


Gossip


Betting

Fixed Odd Betting
Pool Betting











Home 
                     Football


Borussia Dortmund beat Real Madrid to sign Swedish sensation Alexander Isak
By Mirror/GameYetu Monday, January 23rd 2017 at 15:35








 

[PHOTO: COURTESY]

Borussia Dortmund have beaten Real Madrid to the signing of Swedish sensation Alexander Isak at £8.6million.




The 17-year-old striker sealed the move to the Bundesliga giants, despite interest from Arsenal, Chelsea, Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester United and Real Madrid.

Los Blancos were all ready to land the 17-year-old last week, and prepared a five-year deal for the AIK striker.

However with only his signature left to seal the deal, Isak grew uncertain over whether a move to the Spanish capital was the best move for his career.




And that allowed Dortmund to pounce, and add Isak to the growing list of emerging young talents at the Westfalenstadion.

Isak signed on the dotted line alongside BVB general manager Michael Zorc, after arriving in Dortmund on Sunday for final talks and a look around the club’s facilities.
ALSO READ: Five things we learned in the Premier League

He joins a clutch of highly-rated young players now under Thomas Tuchel's tutelage, including Ousmane Dembele, Christian Pulisic, Emre Mor and Julian Weigl.

Isak also made his senior international debut last week and scored - becoming the youngest goalscorer in the history of the Blagult.

Isak has been widely-hailed as his country’s biggest talent since Zlatan, after making his breakthrough in the Allsvenskan last year at the age of 16.
        

        
        
       













        BORUSSIA DORTMUND        

        REAL MADRID        

        ALEXANDER ISAK        

        ARSENAL        

        CHELSEA        

        PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN        

        MANCHESTER UNITED        

Next Story




 




Moyes says Januzaj becoming a scapegoat for Sunderland's poor form






RELATED STORIES










Football: FA Cup quarter-final draw












Ibrahimovic fires Man Utd into FA Cup quarter-finals












Mourinho set to be offered fresh terms at Old Trafford





 
Comment Policy





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.








​ 
          
           
          
          
          
          
            
             
          
    







LATEST STORIES




 




Boogie time as Deejays end KCB’s unbeaten run, Machine finally win

                  	
                  	It was a weekend full of surprises, shock and drama in the Kenya Cup and Kenya Rugby Union Championship as both league leaders KCB and Kisii RFC’s unbeaten runs ended.                  	
                  	
                  	







 




POLITICAL RUMBLE: Shameful acts as CORD and Jubilee clash at Carnivore

                  	
                  	Politics marred a high profile international boxing event held in Nairobi at the weekend.                  	
                  	
                  	







 




Kenyan champions Tusker crash out of Africa

                  	
                  	Kenyan Premier League champions Tusker have been eliminated from the CAF Champions League after losing 2-1 (3-2 on aggregate) away to Mauritian side AS Port Louis in the return leg tie yesterday.                  	
                  	
                  	







 




FRIENDLY: Kariobangi Sharks hold SportPesa Allstars

                  	
                  	The friendly match between select SportPesa All Stars and Kariobangi Sharks at Kasarani Stadium yesterday ended in a barren draw.                   	
                  	
                  	







 




Victor Wanyama celebrates on Twitter after FA Cup win

                  	
                  	Victor Wanyama took to twitter to celebrate their win over Fulham.                  	
                  	
                  	







 




Football: FA Cup quarter-final draw

                  	
                  	Draw for FA Cup quarter-finals made on Sunday:                  	
                  	
                  	



More Stories








Kenyan champions Tusker crash out of Africa
Kenyan Premier League champions Tusker have been eliminated from the CAF Champions League after losing 2-1 (3-2 on aggregate) away to Mauritian side AS Port Louis in the return leg tie yesterday.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











FRIENDLY: Kariobangi Sharks hold SportPesa Allstars
The friendly match between select SportPesa All Stars and Kariobangi Sharks at Kasarani Stadium yesterday ended in a barren draw. 	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Victor Wanyama celebrates on Twitter after FA Cup win
Victor Wanyama took to twitter to celebrate their win over Fulham.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Football: FA Cup quarter-final draw
Draw for FA Cup quarter-finals made on Sunday:	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Ibrahimovic fires Man Utd into FA Cup quarter-finals
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic came off the bench to score the winner as they recovered from an early deficit to beat Championship strugglers Blackburn Rovers 2-1 away in the FA Cup fifth round on Sunday.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Ancelotti shows Hertha Berlin fans the middle finger
Bayern Munich coach Carlo Ancelotti could be in hot water with the German FA (DFB) after admitting showing the middle finger towards Hertha Berlin fans who he claims spat at him.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Fulham 0-3 Tottenham: Kane hat-trick gives Spurs Cup cheer
Harry Kane's fifth hat-trick for Tottenham and second this year eased the Premier League club past second-tier Championship side Fulham 3-0 and into the FA Cup quarter-finals on Sunday.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Mourinho set to be offered fresh terms at Old Trafford
Manchester United want to hand Jose Mourinho a new contract.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Man United linked with move for Arsenal forward Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Man United linked with move for Arsenal forward Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain	    		 
	    		 
	    		 











Inter Milan defender Murillo  on United's radar, Arsenal also interested 
Manchester United are set to battle Arsenal for the services of Inter Milan defender Jeison Murillo.	    		 
	    		 
	    		 












 

Find us on Social Media


Follow @GameYetu


















 

Popular Sports


Kenyan champions Tusker crash out of Africa
Mon 20th Feb 2017


KOKOYO OPTIMISTIC: Ulinzi defender says team can reach Confed Cup group stage
Sat 18th Feb 2017


Coast Stima sign four players from Bandari
Sat 18th Feb 2017


AFC Leopards drop club patron
Sat 18th Feb 2017


Protest march to get Alexis Sanchez to leave Arsenal
Sat 18th Feb 2017


Arsene Wenger's brother lifts the lid on Gunners' boss  situation 
Sat 18th Feb 2017


Facebook to stream live Spanish football
Fri 17th Feb 2017


Sanchez could leave Arsenal
Fri 17th Feb 2017


Arsenal striker Lucas Perez's stay in Arsenal could be a short one 
Fri 17th Feb 2017


Arsenal decision looming for under-fire Wenger
Fri 17th Feb 2017








 

Popular News


Four lies married men tell  to get into your laced panties
Fri 17th Feb 2017


When WhatsApp threatens to kill your marriage
Sat 18th Feb 2017


When God created her, he had me in mind
Sun 19th Feb 2017


Four simple ways to display art without nails
Sun 19th Feb 2017


When your child starts exploring ‘down there’
Sat 18th Feb 2017




Sport Videos




 



Scoreline: State of Boxing in Kenya [Part 3]






 



Scoreline: State of Boxing in Kenya [Part 2]






 



Scoreline: State of Boxing in Kenya [Part 1]






 



Scoreline: Local sports round with Moses Wakhisi and Robinson Okenye 18/2/2017












NEWS

Kenya
World
Politics
Business
Opinion
Health
Magazines
Sports
Lifestyle
RSS Feeds



ENTERTAINMENT

Gossip
Pulse
Entertainment News
Celebs
Video Reviews
Events
Spritual
Gallery
Crazy Monday




STANDARD DIGITAL SITES

Standard Digital Mobile
KTN Home
KTN News
Radio Maisha
Standard Digital Entertainment
EveWoman
Game Yetu
The Nairobian
uReport
Epaper
Corporate
Jobs



OTHER LINKS

Contact Us
Rate Card
Tenders
Vacancies
DCX
O.M Portal
Corporate Email







Contact Us




 © 2016 Standard Media Group. Standard Digital.Game Yetu. Permission to use quotations of upto 75 words from this website is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.gameyetu.co.ke as the source 















