

















Notification msg







Planet Sport
Planet Football
Planet F1
Planet Rugby
Football 365
Cricket 365
Golf 365
 


 






















HomeNewsTeams

 





Arsenal

Burnley

Bournemouth

Chelsea

Crystal Palace



Everton

Leicester City

Liverpool

Manchester City

Manchester United



Hull City

Middlesbrough

Southampton

Stoke City

Sunderland



Swansea City

Tottenham Hotspur

Watford

West Bromwich

West Ham United





Championship

 





Aston Villa

Barnsley

Birmingham City

Blackburn Rovers

Brentford

Brighton



Bristol City

Burton Albion

Cardiff City

Derby County

Fulham

Huddersfield Town



Ipswich Town

Leeds United

Norwich City

Nottingham Forest

Newcastle United

Preston North End



QPR

Reading

Rotherham United

Sheff Weds

Wigan Athletic

Wolves




LiveYour SayPaper TalkRumour MillFeaturesDraft Fantasy 


























 






Latest News:


Mourinho: The FA Cup is important for Chelsea
FA Cup quarter final draw pits Chelsea against Man Utd
Man Utd sneak past Blackburn to reach FA Cup quarter finals
Sutton manager concedes only chance is against Arsenal U23s
Liverpool star set to sign £31.2million deal at Anfield – report
Kane hits treble as Tottenham sink Fulham in FA Cup
Former skipper thinks Wenger should leave Arsenal















Share this Page

























                                 
                
                    View all comments
                





Wenger: Arsenal critics would like to see me ‘put in jail’
Date published: Monday 30th January 2017 8:42



 




Arsene Wenger joked that Arsenal’s critics would like to see him “put in jail” after suggestions his four-match ban was too lenient.
Wenger watched from the stands as Arsenal swatted Southampton aside 5-0 at St Mary’s on Saturday, marching untroubled into the FA Cup’s fifth round.
The Arsenal boss was fined £25,000 and handed a four-game touchline ban for verbally abusing and pushing fourth official Anthony Taylor during his side’s frenzied 2-1 win over Burnley.
Wenger insists he accepted the charge purely in a bid to move forward, but still claimed that some will never be satisfied with punishments meted out to him and his club.
“Those who don’t like me, any sentence will be too lenient,” said Wenger.
“They would like to put me in jail somewhere without anything in the middle of winter – and that will still be lenient. My reaction (to the ban) is what I said after the game. Let’s not bring this situation back again.
“I do not want to judge what the judge says. I got a sentence and I decided not to appeal just to get this behind me. There is no need for me to come back on that.”
Danny Welbeck’s first goals in eight months spearheaded Arsenal’s cakewalk past Southampton, with Theo Walcott also grabbing a hat-trick.
Wenger hailed Welbeck as effectively a new signing, with the 26-year-old finally ready to end 20 months of knee injury problems.
“Yes it feels like I have many new strikers because I think (Lucas) Perez played very well as well and I left (Olivier) Giroud at home,” said Wenger.
“The problem will now be to find the right combination which will use them well in games. The result is strong with the balance of the team.
“When you look around you on the bench and you have this sort of player (Welbeck) coming on or when he starts it is somebody else. He gives us more quality going forward.
“We look tonight and Perez and Walcott and Danny Welbeck and I have (Alexis) Sanchez on the bench, it is an exceptional quality. For a long time we did not have the offensive quality available.”
Wenger hopes Welbeck’s return will boost his options, even admitting Arsenal boast a deeper squad than Chelsea – but he also insisted the Blues do not need as many options to maintain their Premier League advantage.
“I would say we have a larger squad but Chelsea don’t need too much because they don’t play in Europe,” said Wenger, with Arsenal trailing leaders Chelsea by eight points in the league.
“They are not in the Europa League or the Champions League. They will be in the Champions League next season and we have a larger squad.”





Share this Page

























                                 
                
                    View all comments
                









Related Articles






 


Sutton manager concedes only chance is against Arsenal U23s
Sutton manager Paul Doswell has admitted he fears a battering from Arsenal unless Arsene Wenger rests key…




February 19 2017, 4:35 pm





 


Former skipper thinks Wenger should leave Arsenal
Former Arsenal captain Frank McLintock believes it is time for Arsene Wenger to step down and…




February 19 2017, 1:44 pm





 


Wenger: ‘It’s important you do not get in a blame culture’
Arsene Wenger has called for his Arsenal players to show they can deal with their recent…




February 19 2017, 1:10 pm





 


Mourinho targets Arsenal star to bolster midfield
Arsenal midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has emerged as a £30million target for Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho.
Mourinho…




February 19 2017, 11:14 am





Your Say














 





Log In

Username: 



Password: 




Remember Me





Connect with:











Log In









Videos












                                            Jose: Chelsea can focus on FA Cup                                        














                                            Warnock dismisses promotion                                        














                                            Is Rooney off to China?                                        














                                            Who could be Wenger’s successor?                                        














                                            ‘Leicester’s fall from grace is shameful’                                        














                                            Real Madrid 2-0 Espanyol                                        











Poll





What should Arsenal do with Arsene Wenger?




Ask him to resign immediately









Replace him in the summer









Give him a new deal


















 






Featured Articles










 


                                            Rumour Mill: Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal striker competition                                        









 


                                            Klopp discusses Liverpool summer transfer plans                                        












 


                                            Pochettino issues ‘wake-up call’ to struggling Spurs hitman                                        












 


                                            Mourinho in sly dig at Klopp’s ‘lack of FA Cup respect’                                        












 


                                            Paper Talk: Man Utd to approve star’s sale; Barca raid Watford                                        












 


                                            Barcelona and PSG hover as Wenger makes future statement                                        












 


                                            Rumour Mill: Arsenal, Chelsea eye Italian; Bayern want Belotti                                        









 


                                            Paper Talk: Chelsea starlet to join Liverpool; Brazilian to PL?                                        









 


                                            Player Ratings: Ibrahimovic the star in Man Utd display                                        









 


                                            Quiz! How many Wenger-era Chelsea managers can you name?                                        









Your Say


Why Klopp is useless 
								      

Race for Top Four 
								      

Mad Ivan spouting again. 
								      

Welcome to the ZLATAN SHOW! #incredible #daretoZlatan 
								      

Diego 
								      


 













Planet Sport Network

Planet Sport
Planet Football
Planet Rugby
Planet F1
Football365
Cricket365
Golf365
TEAMtalk Media
Ole! Media Group
 


Partners


Sky Sports
Kwese Sports
Fox Sports Asia
 























Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies notice
T&Cs
Contact
 







Your browser is out-of-date!	Update your browser to view this website correctly.Update my browser now× 
























