








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		30Jan							


Carl Jenkinson to Crystal Palace from Arsenal transfer news: Sam Allardyce dismisses chances of Carl Jenkinson deal as he eyes Martin Caceres signing


by earnedgy in Evening Standard
No Comments »






 


Sam Allardyce has conceded that a move for Carl Jenkinson is unlikely to materialise in the final days of the transfer window as he eyes other targets.
Crystal Palace and Arsenal agreed the terms of a permanent transfer for the right-back earlier this month but Jenkinson could not agree personal terms for a switch to Selhurst Park.
Arsene Wenger confirmed earlier this morning that he was “still open” to Jenkinson leaving on a permanent deal but Allardyce made clear his focus has shifted elsewhere, including to former Barcelona and Juventus defender Martin Caceres, a free agent since being released by the Italian champions in June.
“We have other priorities at the moment [than Jenkinson],” said Allardyce, who completed the signing of Patrick van Aanholt earlier today. “Who knows what might happen, but not for now. 
“Caceres is one who may appear after the window as he’s not attached to a club. Yes, I have an interest.
“We’re still hunting for at least two players. We’re sitting with as many people as we possibly can, particularly yesterday.”





In Pictures | Crystal Palace vs Manchester City | 28/01/2017




Wenger has made both Jenkinson and Mathieu Debuchy available for permanent transfer but has struggled to find takers for two players whose first-team chances have been hampered by injuries over recent years.
If, as seems increasingly likely, Jenkinson remains at Arsenal after the window closes Wenger insists he will have no problems reintegrating the 24-year-old.
“He is integrated,” Wenger said. “We respect any professional decision. 
“Carl Jenkinson is a great player who has a great attitude. There is no problem on that front. After that, he must find happiness with his conditions and where he goes and feel comfortable.”
 
 Reuse content
              

Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



