




























 



 Home



 U.K.



 News


 
 

Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Soccer


Premier League


Champions League


Transfer News


UFC


Boxing


Tennis


F1


Rugby


Cricket


Golf


NBA


More



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback








DailyMail






 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Messi keeps Barcelona's title hopes alive with last-gasp penalty against Leganes as fans sing for under pressure boss Enrique





'Chelsea can only think about the FA Cup because I think they are champions': Mourinho starts mind games after being drawn against old club in quarter-finals





Giant-killers Lincoln to face Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter-finals as Chelsea get ready to host former boss Mourinho and Manchester United





Rashford stakes his claim for a starting spot in EFL Cup final after getting back among the goals against Blackburn





Rugby in mourning after former Australia lock Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37





Super sub Ibrahimovic sends United into FA Cup quarter-finals as Mourinho's men come from behind to beat struggling Blackburn





The most expensive bench in FA Cup history: Manchester United sit out £192m-worth of talent, including Pogba, Ibrahimovic, Mata and Schweinsteiger





Mourinho praises attitude of subs Pogba and Ibrahimovic against Blackburn





Wenger fights back: I'll go on for FOUR more years, says boss... but PSG is still an option as Arsenal take look at big guns Benitez, Allegri and Tuchel 





Tottenham's trophy drought is now longer than Arsenal's infamous run... so Pochettino must make most of FA Cup





Pochettino focused on 'final' against Gent after earning victory at Fulham





Mourinho's applause for Graham, red cards for Venky's and some serious United ink: Six things you missed at Ewood Park





City star Jesus starts road to recovery after successful foot surgery in Barcelona





Arsenal icon Henry defends Wenger and blames players for mess: 'We could all see mental fragility was the problem' 





'Ozil is Arsenal in a nutshell... he's a worldie against Palace but a world away against the big boys,' blasts Souness





Sutton United (£0) v Arsenal (£173m): How the teams match up ahead of ultimate non-League v giants match





Kane puts Spurs on cruise control: Striker's hat-trick secures simple win at Fulham and edges Pochettino closer to Wembley





Spurs star Rose's brother facing lengthy ban after he angrily knocked red card out of referee's hand following red card for Newport





Bayern boss Ancelotti admits swearing at Hertha Berlin fans - but says gesture was in response to being spat at





Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap... and the time he left Mourinho 'p****d off' after going on strike





Pogba was a snip at £89m, insists Mourinho as boss predicts record transfer fee will be broken THIS YEAR





Mourinho insists Shaw will NOT be sold by Manchester United this summer





Former West Ham misfit Zaza finally scores for Valencia (and Nani does too!)





Everton loanee Deulofeu scores first goal for AC Milan in victory against Fiorentina




Previous
Next









Danny Welbeck imitates a Turkish chef, Steve Bouldiola, a decorated post box and a double-barrelled midfield: Seven things you missed from Southampton 0-5 Arsenal
Arsenal beat Southampton 5-0 in the FA Cup at St Mary's on Saturday nightTheo Walcott scored a hat-trick and Danny Welbeck netted twice in the victoryWelbeck imitated a popular internet meme has he celebrated his first goalSteve Bould led Arsenal from the touchline with Arsene Wenger banned By

Andy Warren For Mailonline

Published:
  14:40 EST, 28 January 2017

 | 
Updated:
  16:07 EST, 29 January 2017













e-mail








22
shares

 
          32
View  comments



Arsenal demolished Southampton 5-0 to progress to the fifth round of the FA Cup, with Theo Walcott and Danny Welbeck leading the way.Walcott scored a hat-trick against his former club while Welbeck netted two, and created one, as he returned to the starting XI after nine months away.Don't worry if you missed anything during the dominant display from the Gunners, because Sportsmail's eagle-eyed team made sure the all-important finer details were preserved for posterity. 




 Theo Walcott leaves the field with the match ball after scoring a hat-trick at Southampton 




 Danny Welbeck scored Arsenal's first two goals and assisted Walcott first of the evening


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






Southampton 0-5 Arsenal: Danny Welbeck is back as Theo...



Southampton 0-5 Arsenal, FA Cup LIVE: Theo Walcott nets...



FA Cup win over Newcastle better than beating Arsenal at the...



From Ashley Young's £9.5million switch to Aston Villa to...





Share this article
Share
22 shares



Welbeck's back with a bang with two on his 'debut'Danny Welbeck made the perfect return from injury as he scored twice, and laid on another, in what was his first start for nine months. His glorious return also allowed the BT Sport commentary team to bring out one of football's great cliches, with his first start following a long-term injury being compared to being 'like a new signing' for the Gunners on at least three occasions.Two goals and an assist on your 'debut' is a good start... 




 Welbeck gives Arsenal the lead on what was his first start in nine months due to injuryThen he celebrates by impersonating a Turkish chef Is Welbeck the first Premier League player to imitate a Turkish chef while celebrating a goal? Probably.After a sizzling return to the starting XI with a brace, Welbeck celebrated by sprinkling salt in homage to Nusret Gokce, who went viral earlier this month with his flamboyant salt sprinkling routine. It also earned him the name #Saltbae. The internet is a wonderful place.Gokce has racked up more than nine million views on Instagram and has already been booked to open several restaurants as a result of his displays. Welbeck's imitation sent social media wild, of course. 




 Welbeck celebrated his goal by imitating an internet sensation who likes to sprinkle salt 




 This is Nusret Gokce, a Turkish chef who has gone viral and earned the nickname #saltbae 




  




  




 It's Steve Bouldiola With Wenger banished to the stands, as he served the first of his four-game touchline ban, it was Steve Bould who oversaw Arsenal's riot from the bench.The Frenchman was in regular communication using an earpiece, of course, but any more results like this and he may be out of a job.Bould's instant impact saw him christened as Steve Bouldiola on social media, in homage to Manchester City boss Pep, although it's debatable whether the former Gunners centre-half could pull off a turtleneck and designer jeans in quite the same way. He had the Arsenal fans singing his name by the end, though, as 'Steve Bould's yellow army' rang out at St Mary's.









With Arsene Wenger serving a touchline ban, Steve Bould led Arsenal from the bench 




  




  




  




 All changes are equal, but some are more equal than others The magic of the cup? Well, both teams made 10 changes to their side for this fourth round clash and that tells you everything you need to know.But while Southampton drafted in a group of inexperienced youngsters averaging a little over 12 appearances apiece this season, presumably in a bid to strengthen their bid to secure a mid-table place, Arsenal brought back a number of big Guns.Back came Welbeck, to devastating effect, as well as Hector Bellerin and £17million summer signing Lucas Perez. It showed.   




 Young goalkeeper Harry Lewis was one of a number of inexperienced Southampton playersSaints dreaming of Wembley The Saints' FA Cup dream was dead inside 20 minutes thanks to Welbeck's early double, but that did nothing to dampen the fans' thoughts of Wembley.Claude Puel's side, of course, will be playing Manchester United under the famous arch on February 26 in the EFL Cup final following their success against Liverpool, with the the St Mary's crowd keen to remember that fact despite things going wrong on the pitch.'Wembley, Wembley, we're the famous Southampton and we're off to Wembley', they sang. 




 Claude Puel has already led Southampton to Wembley this season... just not in the FA CupPost box celebrationsIt was quickly dashed, but there was plenty of optimism heading into this game on the south coast.Fresh from booking their Wembley place in the EFL Cup, Saints fans showed their joy by decorating a post box in the city in the style of their team's shirts.Thankfully for the long-term future of said post box, the fans opted to recreate their side's red and white home shirts, rather than their black and grey away number.  




 Southampton fans decorated this post box in honour of their Wembley-bound SaintsWhat's in a name? A lot of letters If it were not for a three hyphens, you could be forgiven for thinking Arsenal were lining up with a six-man midfield.It was however, just three, with the trio selected by Arsene Wenger all sporting double-barrelled names.Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Jeff Reine-Adelaide are the three in question, with their names using a total of 58 letters.














Midfield trio: Jeff Reine-Adelaide, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Ainsley Maitland-Niles


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






Southampton 0-5 Arsenal: Danny Welbeck is back as Theo...



Southampton 0-5 Arsenal, FA Cup LIVE: Theo Walcott nets...



FA Cup win over Newcastle better than beating Arsenal at the...



From Ashley Young's £9.5million switch to Aston Villa to...





Share this article
Share
22 shares










Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








22
shares












      Most watched Sport videos          Scenes of chaos after Millwall beat Leicester City 1-0         NYCFC captain David Villa 'punches' opponent during match         Wolves v Chelsea: FA Cup fifth round preview         Paul Pogba hilariously does the 'La Pogbance' with family members         "I'll manage next season' Arsene Wenger confirms his future         Millwall fans celebrate their side's goal against Leicester in FA Cup         Wolves v Chelsea: FA Cup fifth round preview         Jonathan Calleri snaps West Ham Cheikhou Kouyate dancing         Jose Mourinho reacts to Manchester United's win at Old Trafford         Aaron Cresswell blushes as performer sings Happy Birthday         Jose Mourinho on Man United's FA Cup victory over Blackburn         Wenger: 'I will manage next season, here or somewhere else'.          





       Former Australia lock Dan Vickerman dies at his home in...      Blackburn Rovers are a family club but they have been...      Blackburn Rovers 1-2 Manchester United: Zlatan...      Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup...      Jose Mourinho could be forced to put rookie stopper Dean...      Manchester United stars arrive at the Lowry hotel ahead...      Jose Mourinho insists Luke Shaw will not be jettisoned by...      Blackburn fans protest against owners before Jose...      'Chelsea can afford to pay more attention to FA Cup...      Mario Balotelli sees red for the THIRD time in his short...      Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez happy to be back in training...      Liverpool poised to beat Manchester United to signing of...      Manchester United name £192m bench against Blackburn...      Mesut Ozil can't produce when it matters, insists Graeme...      Arsenal icon Thierry Henry defends Arsene Wenger and...      Royston Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap and...      Roger Federer shows off Australian Open trophy on top of...      Rafa Benitez looks set to stay as Newcastle boss beyond...     MOST READ SPORT  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       




More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search
















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail










Get the Football RSS feed


RSS


My Yahoo!


Feedly


AOL Reader


More RSS feeds...





 
 
STARS OF SPORT










          Murty  amusingly reacts to missed chance by performing headstand
          
          Rangers caretaker boss Graeme Murty saw team defeated 2-1 by Dundee
        











          No rest for Ronaldo as Real Madrid superstar works out at home 
          
          The former Man United forward was busy on Sunday strengthening his legs in his home gym
        











          Fonte meets viral sensation Salt Bae during West Ham camp
          
          Jose Fonte  had the honour of meeting  Salt Bae and called the viral sensation the 'Champ'
        











          Jesus on the road to recovery after successful operation on fractured metatarsal
          
          The Man City star is likely to be absent between eight to 12 weeks
        











          Aren't you supposed to applaud your own team, Jose? United boss enjoys Blackburn opener in FA Cup tie
          
          Danny Graham scored the opener on Sunday
        












 



If the football's on, it's on







Live tables

Fixtures

Scores






Premier League
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Div 1
Scottish Div 2
Scottish Div 3
Ligue 1
Serie A
La Liga
Bundesliga








More tables







More fixtures








More scores








 
 
TOP SPORT STORIES










          Blackburn 1-2 Manchester United
          
          Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to fire Jose Mourinho's side into the FA Cup quarter-finals at Ewood Park on Sunday  
        











          Fulham 0-3 Tottenham Hotspur
          
          Harry Kane nets impressive hat-trick to secure a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals, where they will face Millwall
        











          Barcelona 2-1 Leganes
          
          Lionel Messi scores last-gasp penalty against impressive visitors as Catalan giants maintain pressure on  Real Madrid
        











          Cardiff boss Warnock jokes he would rather be honoured with a minute of booing instead of silence when he passes away
          
          He made joke on Sunday 
        











          Hodson sparks bafflement after wearing Rangers shirt without a badge... in wake of row with Puma
          
          Rangers fans were left bemused 
        











          Bayern boss Ancelotti admits swearing at Hertha Berlin fans
          
          But the Italian boss says gesture was in response to being spat at by home supporters on Saturday 
        











          Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter final
          
          The Imps saw off Burnley with an 89th-minute winner from Sean Raggett to beat   Clarets.
        











          Michael Watson and his carer are sprayed with ammonia by thugs who smashed into the back of them
          
          EXCLUSIVE: He was driving in east London
        











          Former Australia lock  Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37
          
          No details of the cause of death have been disclosed
        











          Wenger believes he could have four more years in management... and he wants to spend them at Arsenal
          
          Gunners boss is not yet ready to retire
        











          Ex-Arsenal prodigy Eastmond tells Glenn Hoddle how Sutton can add to Wenger's woe
          
          National League side looking to cause major shock
        











          England legend  Smith reveals she has married her same-sex partner: 'It's taken 38 years to talk about this...'
          
          OLIVER HOLT speaks to former Arsenal star
        









 
 
MORE STARS OF SPORT










          Wel-back: Arsenal striker steps up his return to full fitness as he plays for Under 23s 
          
          The Arsenal forward will not face Sutton on Monday night 
        











          Oi that's funny! Pool player gives hilarious interview after reaching quarter-final of the World Pool Masters 
          
          Naoyuki Oi gave the most amusing interview
        











          Sanchez looks happy to be back after tax fraud case while Wenger looks dejected ahead of Sutton tie
          
          Arsenal prepare for Monday's FA Cup test
        











          Friends reunited: Broner beats pal Granados by split decision as he makes successful return
          
          He has put his troubled year behind him 
        











          Attack of the drones! Orlando Magic star Gordon uses machine to deliver ball during NBA All-Star weekend
          
          Watch Gordon's gutsy attempt 
        











          Technology 1-0 David Villa: Referee uses video replay to send off former Barcelona and Valencia striker 
          
          Footage showed him punching an opponent
        











          Oh Mario! Balotelli sees red for the THIRD time in his Nice career
          
          Italian striker only joined the Ligue 1 club at the beginning of the season 
        











          Bentley's coming home! Former Spurs star plots return to England as an agent 
          
          Former England international has been living in Marbella 
        











          United stars arrive at the Lowry ahead of FA Cup clash at Blackburn
          
          Pogba and Mata among the stars checking in ahead of fifth-round tie 
        











          From Down Under to the top of a mountain  
          
          The 35-year-old has taken the famous trophy to the top of a snow-capped mountain to fulfil a personal ambition
        











          Millwall's giant-killing FA Cup victory over Leicester marred by crowd trouble
          
          Yohan Benalouane and other Leicester stars goaded after defeat
        













          There's only one Costa! Six things you missed from Chelsea's  win over Wolves
          
          Chelsea kept alive their domestic double charge thanks to Diego
        











          Bale us out, Gareth... Real Madrid star greets Bournemouth as they look to end slump 
          
          Eddie Howe's side are training in Madrid after an awful run of form 
        











          Not your usual mascots! Burnley ask OAPs to walk out with team for Lincoln tie 
          
          The youngest of the mascots on Saturday was 69-years-old 
        











          Looking for some Messi magic? Dynamo watches Barcelona train after PSG humbling 
          
          The illusionist was at the club's training base to take in a session
        











          Working out Memphis! United flop tries to prove fitness in the gym amid criticism
          
          Memphis Depay has struggled to impress since joining Lyon 
        











          Matusyama reacts furiously to tee shot at the Genesis Open... which is so good it hits the flagpole
          
          He holds himself to a high standard 
        











          Eubank Jnr wishes Paris Hilton a happy birthday as pair pose
          
          Boxer and the socialite TV star met up and Chris Jnr wished her many happy returns
        











          G Nev sticks to his guns on Arsenal Fan TV, insisting Wenger deserves respect
          
          Gary Neville has labelled Arsene Wenger a 'giant of the game'
        











          Luiz lays the Smackdown! Chelsea star tackles ChelseaTV presenter and pins him to the ground
          
          Nathan Chabolah was the referee
        











          A Bridge too far: John Terry reveals he's learning Portuguese 
          
          The Chelsea legend is nearing the end of his career at Stamford Bridge
        













          Gift of the Gab: Brazil team-mate Neymar visits stricken Gabriel Jesus after surgery
          
          The Manchester City ace is in Barcelona after breaking his foot
        











          From David Haye's £27m yacht in Miami to Tony Bellew's humble Rotherham gym: How their training camps compare
          
          They're fighting soon
        











How well do YOU know the badges of the big European football clubs? See how many you can guess in our new quiz

          Can you get 20/20?
        











          Pogba brothers Paul and Florentin head out for dinner after Europa League tie
          
          Florentin was even still wearing his half-and-half shirt
        











          He turns off the floodlights - then sleeps at the ground at night! Meet Sutton United's Roly Poly goalie Wayne Shaw
          
          EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
        











          Learning from the best: England boss Southgate checks in on Chelsea training to get table-topping manager Conte's top tips
          
          A great place to learn 
        











          It's 'La Pogbance'! Pogba and his family get into the dancing spirit together... as Roy Keane says it's more than he's spoken to his brother in five years!
          












          Everton's big neigh-t out: Koeman and his players take in evening at the races in break from hectic schedule
          
          The Toffees are currently training in the UAE
        











          City find their smiles - Pep leads his players through training with wide grins all round 
          
          Manchester City have found plenty to smile about in recent weeks
        











          Arsenal star Sanchez cuts glum figure as he jets off on a break after Champions League humiliation
          
          Dejected star walked through Heathrow Airport
        













          Mayweather takes a break from ongoing feud with McGregor to watch LA Clippers beat Atlanta Hawks alongside Mariah Carey
          
          Starry night courtside 
        











          'Hotel life = homework': Cole gets his head down with Chelsea-branded notebooks
          
          Taking steps towards career in scouting
        











          Tottenham star Alli worth £100m according to former Spurs boss Redknapp
          
          But his Valentine's Day gift to girlfriend Ruby Mae was priceless 
        











          Liverpool stars head to training on their bikes as Klopp and his men enjoy winter training trip to Spain 
          
          After a difficult start to 2017, stars have fun 
        











          Scholes believes Rooney will leave Manchester United if he is stuck on the bench 
          
          EXCLUSIVE: Paul Scholes discusses his former club
        











          Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl date bet as she meets Patriots-backing fan
          
          Eugenie Bouchard and the fan went to a basketball game 
        











          Not your average press conference! Bilic and West Ham hold family fun day
          
          The manager was smiling despite his improper conduct charge
        











          Oh Jesus! City star looks glum as he steps out of hotel in protective boot with broken metatarsal threatening to end his season early
          
          It was all going so well 
        











          West Ham fan reveals heartwarming moment manager  Bilic took youngster inside Hammers training ground to meet Carroll
          
          Happy to see idol 
        











          United midfielder Schweinsteiger poses with wife Ana Ivanovic as  Joshua spends Valentine's Day with his... mum
          
          Gushing stars show off 
        











          The Kennys share their baby joy as British Cycling golden couple announce pregnancy 
          
          But what will the arrival of their child mean for their careers? 
        











          Ronaldo splashes the cash on Valentine's Day as he treats his girlfriend during shopping trip
          
          The Real Madrid star did not hold back 
        











          Piece of cake! Di Maria and Cavani mark thrashing of Barcelona with sparkling birthday celebration
          
          The duo were sublime on Tuesday night 
        











          Now that's a selfie! Bolt gathers stars for snap at Laureus awards 
          
          The sprint king brought the winners together for an epic photo
        











          It's meant to be training! Boca Juniors session breaks down into mass brawl 
          
          Juan Insaurralde and Jonathan Silva took issue with one another 
        













          Unbeaten but still working hard! England back to the grind after thrilling Wales win 
          
          The England players were tested with sprinting drills in training 
        











          Jesus that doesn't look good... City's fears confirmed as Brazilian hotshot suffers broken metetarsal
          
          He was spotted limping around on crutches 
        











          My footy Valentine: Fabregas, Gerrard and Neymar lead the way as stars of the beautiful game get loved-up with their other halves
          
          Love is the air... 
        











          Mo funny! Neymar unveils new handlebar moustache (which has his Barcelona team-mates in stitches)
          
          Barca stars pointed and laughed as they trained
        











          Slam dunk! Loftus-Cheek shares video of Chelsea team-mate Luiz pulling off outrageous basketball trickshot
          
          Brazilian played it cool by the pool 
        











          Is Haye going Bonkers in lead-up to fight? Boxer joined by Dizzee Rascall in Miami
          
          Fighter drove a £250,000 Rolls Royce to training camp with the rapper
        











          Tottenham midfielder Winks signs new deal worth £25,000-a-week until 2022... just five months after signing his previous contract
          
          Another pay rise... 
        











          Everton enjoy first training session of warm-weather training in Dubai... but Lukaku isn't there
          
          Striker's absence did not appear to dampen spirits.
        











          Pep shows his class as he wishes Arter 'all the best' after loss of his baby daughter
          
          Bournemouth midfielder's wife is now pregnant again
        











          Chelsea monitoring Luiz's knee injury as star worries fans with hospital post 
          
          David Luiz posted picture of him dressed as a doctor for comic reliefS
        











          Downtime for De Gea ahead of Europa return
          
          United goalkeeper  enjoys day out in Manchester with his fiancee Edurne Garcia before  St Etienne clash
        











          Terry continues family skills series as son Georgie joins in with daughter Summer
          
          Terry has again been filmed showcasing his family's skills
        











          Neville keeps his word as he appears on Arsenal Fan TV after previously calling cult YouTube show 'embarrassing' 
          
          Over 'idiot' fan comment 
        











          'Cheap, hurtful and cowardly' 
          
          Former Arsenal man Diaby hits back at comedian for his joke at the expense of disabled Marseille fan
        











          Star worry! Ronaldo misses Real training with minor knock
          
          Real Madrid added the finishing touches to preparations for Napoli without their talisman
        











          Everton squad fly out to Dubai for warm-weather training camp as club enjoy break from competitive action
          
          FA Cup failure has led to time away 
        











          Van der Westhuizen's son pens emotional tribute letter after losing father to motor neurone disease 
          
          Heart-rending letter also reveals love of Liverpool 
        











          Williams hangs out with South African cricket stars Amla, Tahir and Parnell
          
          'Always good catching up with the brothers when in town' 
        











          Real  full back Danilo shows off gruesome wounds after Garcia's accidental stamp
          
          Challenge forced him to be taken off during 3-1 win at Osasuna
        











          Sunderland striker  Defoe named 2016 Player of the Year at North East Football Writers Awards
          
          Forward has been key for Black Cats 
        











          LeBron James, Serena Williams and Kevin Durant star in Nike's new Equality film
          
          'Worth should outshine colour' is the simple but important message
        











          Liverpool stars   enjoy night out to see Brazilian singer as they celebrate Spurs win
          
          Moreno, Coutinho, Firmino and Lucas all headed out to concert 
        











          Liverpool starlet Alexander-Arnold lucky to avoid red after scrap during U23 encounter with Huddersfield
          
          Opposing player saw red after brawl 
        











          Pogba and Ibrahimovic surprise Manchester United fan suffering from cerebral palsy
          
          Youngster could hardly contain his delight as he met two of his heroes
        











          Rooney heads out to Drake concert with wife Coleen after  United forward was left on bench against Watford
          
          Striker heads out to see Canadian rapper 
        











          Sharapova works up a sweat at the gym after receiving invitation to play in Madrid Open
          
          Star was working on her balance as she gears up for her comeback
        











          Thiago is one of Pep's favourites and the one who wants to knock Arsenal out of the Champions League
          
          EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
        











          South Africa pays tribute to Van der Westhuizen as team-mate Pienaar labels him 'rock star' at ceremony 
          
          World Cup winner died on Monday 
        











          Bolt and All Stars complete clean sweep at Nitro Athletics 
          
          The sprint king sat on the throne again during the inaugural edition of the competition 
        











          Like father like daughter! Terry shows off silky one-touch skills in volleying game
          
          They say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
        











          Haye plays volleyball and looks ripped in the gym as he prepares for Bellew bout
          
          David Haye is preparing for his bout with Tony Bellew in Miami, Florida
        











          Jesus feeds the multitude as star takes City team-mates to Bem Brasil restaurant
          
          Gabriel Jesus has scored three goals in his first four matches 
        











          'At 15, I did not know where I'd eat or sleep... that still drives me'
          
          EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Antonio Valencia opens on his rise to United stardom
        











          Messi puts pen to paper... but it's not a new Barcelona deal 
          
          While he works out terms with Barcelona, Messi has committed to boot manufacturer adidas
        











 



If the football's on, it's on







Live tables

Fixtures

Scores






Premier League
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Div 1
Scottish Div 2
Scottish Div 3
Ligue 1
Serie A
La Liga
Bundesliga








More tables







More fixtures








More scores









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Barcelona 2-1 Leganes: Lionel Messi scores last-gasp penalty against impressive visitors as Catalan giants...





'Chelsea can afford to pay more attention to FA Cup quarter-final than Manchester United': Jose Mourinho...





Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter final as Manchester United draw Chelsea





Marcus Rashford back among the goals after barren spell as Manchester United youngster stakes a claim for...





Former Australia lock Dan Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37





Blackburn Rovers 1-2 Manchester United: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to fire Jose Mourinho's side...





Manchester United name £192m bench against Blackburn Rovers - the most expensive in FA Cup history





Jose Mourinho praises attitude of Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic as subs make difference against...





Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to work on even if he leaves the club he helped to build... and PSG...





Tottenham Hotspur's trophy drought is longer than Arsenal's infamous run - the FA Cup could be what Mauricio...





Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino focused on 'final' against Gent after side shows no signs of fatigue in...





Blackburn fans protest against owners before Jose Mourinho applauds their opener and Jake Humphrey struggles...





Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus on the road to recovery after successful operation on fractured...





Arsenal icon Thierry Henry defends Arsene Wenger and blames stars for Bayern Munich loss: 'The players need...





Mesut Ozil can't produce when it matters, insists Graeme Souness: 'The German is Arsenal in a nutshell'





Sutton United v Arsenal: As £173m of talent with over 400 international caps descends on Gander Green Lane,...





Fulham 0-3 Tottenham Hotspur: Harry Kane hat-trick secures a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals





Danny Rose's brother facing lengthy ban after Newport defender angrily knocked red card out of referee's...





Bayern Munich boss Carlo Ancelotti admits swearing at Hertha Berlin fans but says gesture was in response to...





Royston Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap and why he left Jose Mourinho 'p****d off' at Real...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to work on even if he leaves the club he helped to build... and PSG may provide an appropriate escape route
            



 
            Blackburn 1-2 Manchester United, FA Cup RESULT: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off bench to set up sixth round draw against Chelsea
            



 
            David Bentley was hot property after hitting a hat-trick against Manchester United, only to quit at 29... now the former Blackburn hero fears football no longer has a place for mavericks
            



 
            England legend Kelly Smith reveals she has married her same-sex partner: 'It’s taken 38 years to talk about this...'
            



 
            Paul Pogba was a snip at £89m, insists Jose Mourinho as Manchester United boss predicts record transfer fee will be broken this summer
            



 
            Roger Federer shows off Australian Open trophy on top of a mountain as he takes his tennis to new heights
            



 
            Blackburn Rovers 1-2 Manchester United: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to fire Jose Mourinho's side into the FA Cup quarter-finals
            



 
            Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter final as Manchester United draw Chelsea
            



 
            Jose Mourinho could be forced to put rookie stopper Dean Henderson on bench against Blackburn in FA Cup after knock to David de Gea
            



 
            Mario Balotelli sees red for the THIRD time in his short Nice career after his manager tells him: 'Do not get sent off'
            



 
            Jose Mourinho insists Luke Shaw will not be jettisoned by Manchester United this summer  
            



 
            Blackburn fans protest against owners before Jose Mourinho applauds their opener and Jake Humphrey struggles with a door: Six things you missed as Manchester United beat Rovers
            



 
            Manchester United stars arrive at the Lowry hotel ahead of FA Cup fifth-round clash with Blackburn 
            



 
            Former Australia lock Dan Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37
            



 
            Fulham 0-3 Tottenham, FA Cup RESULT: Harry Kane hat-trick fires Spurs into quarter-finals
            



 
            'Chelsea can afford to pay more attention to FA Cup quarter-final than Manchester United': Jose Mourinho starts mind games after ex-club draw
            



 
            Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez happy to be back in training after Bayern Munich frustration and Spain tax fraud case while Arsene Wenger looks concerned ahead of Sutton United tie
            



 
            Want your footballers to be 'normal'? Well, just ask Troy Deeney... imagine a night out turns sour and you're only in the news because you're famous
            



 
            Royston Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap and why he left Jose Mourinho 'p****d off' at Real Madrid after going on strike in a loan spell
            



 
            Barcelona 2-1 Leganes La Liga RESULT: Lionel Messi saves his side with last-gasp penalty after minnows drew level through substitute Unai Lopez
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL















Want a Date?
Join Match.com Now for Free!



more


















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more









































	SHARE PICTURE
      














Copy link to paste in your message












































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 




















