








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		29Jan							


Arsenal Transfer News: Latest Rumours on Antoine Griezmann and Franck Kessie


by earnedgy in Bleacher Report
No Comments »






 




Juan Manuel Serrano Arce/Getty Images
Gianni VerschuerenFeatured ColumnistJanuary 29, 2017
Arsenal have been added to the list of Premier League clubs reportedly willing to spend big money to sign Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann, while AS Roma are said to have agreed to a deal with Atalanta for Franck Kessie.
OK Diario (h/t Bruce Archer of the Daily Express) previously reported Chelsea and Manchester United were ready to do battle for Griezmann. And according to the Mail on Sunday‘s Rob Draper, the Gunners are now also willing to smash their transfer record to land the France international.
According to Draper, Griezmann’s contract has a buyout clause of £85 million, while Archer claims the clause is roughly £95 million.


David Ramos/Getty Images
Draper also insists manager Arsene Wenger would be willing to hand the 25-year-old more than £250,000 per week in wages. But the Gunners won’t go as high as United, who remain the favourites to land Griezmann.
Sports writer Ben Fairthorne doubts Arsenal will compete financially with the Red Devils:

Ben Fairthorne @BFairthorne
With the wages Griezmann is set to demand it’s extremely unlikely Arsenal will be in the race. Chelsea will be, but United strong favourites
1/29/2017, 12:22:28 PM

It’s important to note Griezmann’s clause is a buyout clause, not a release clause. The former is standard for all La Liga players and susceptible to taxation when triggered―so the eventual transfer fee could be much higher than the clause.
Normally, clubs would try to come to an agreement with Atletico and spend a transfer fee close to the clause. But the Rojiblancos still have a transfer ban to deal with and won’t be too keen on losing their top forward, knowing they can’t replace him.
Griezmann has established himself as one of the most wanted forwards in the world in the past few seasons, finishing third in the most recent Ballon d’Or voting. Here’s a look at some of his highlights:





His ability to move and high football IQ would make him a perfect fit for Wenger’s Arsenal, and he could be the type of talent Arsenal need to finally get over the hump and win another Premier League title.
The finances don’t seem to add up, however. The Gunners still haven’t been able to come to an agreement with the likes of Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil as far as wages go. And United and Chelsea will likely blow their offer out of the water.
Signing Griezmann would be a phenomenal move for the Gunners, but as of right now, it doesn’t seem likely.


Dino Panato/Getty Images
Meanwhile, Corriere dello Sport (h/t Metro‘s Coral Barry) reports Roma have agreed to a deal to sign midfield starlet Kessie, who was wanted by a host of Premier League clubs, including Arsenal.
Per the report, the Giallorossi will pay Atalanta £20 million and send two youth prospects to Bergamo. In return, Kessie will move to the Italian capital in the summer.
Frequently compared to compatriot Yaya Toure, the Ivory Coast international has been the breakout star of the season in Italy so far, playing a key role in Atalanta’s unexpected strong form.
Here are some of his highlights:





The youngster stands out for his vision, passing range, remarkable physical strength and ability to score. He only made the switch to a midfield role last year, and his quick rise at the position bodes well for the future.
All isn’t lost for his Premier League suitors, as Calciomercato’s Edo Dalmonte believes Kessie prefers a move to England over a Roma switch.


Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



