 





 
















 

Click here to Email :e

07989 959 008 :t


Home
The Villa
Location
Gallery
Attractions
Bookings/Enquiries
Blogs!





Add Street Wisdom to Your Spanish Tour Arsenal

Posted on March 13, 2014 by casade

—
No Comments ↓ 


The Spanish culture will as much attract as confuse. Visitors make the most out of their tour of Spain by learning the best manoeuvres of the modern day jungle. 
In the streets of most cities across the world, you are no more special than the locals walking beside you. In some cultures the locals love visitors and will give you the special treatment but not so in Spain. It is advisable that you arm yourself with some street wisdom before you venture into the Spanish city jungle.
Crossing the Street
The pedestrian has the right of way. Technically, this is the rule that applies to zebra crossings across the world when there is no light. In Spain people take this rule seriously but still, it is not the green light for you to assume they will stop to let you cross. Rather than risk a Spanish holiday on a hospital bed, do as the Spaniards do. Wait for oncoming cars to slow down then establish your seriousness about crossing by stepping out onto the zebra crossing. You could pack a day glow yellow jacket for these occasions.
Walking on the Sidewalk
In Spain you will find that the theory of walking on the sidewalk by moving around people does not apply. You are facing a huge faceless army that rumbles on, ploughing everything on its path. There are only two options. You either tail this army or head into oncoming traffic. The most practical strategy, therefore, is the bulldozer strategy. Put on your helmet and get ready to hold your ground as you pass in full throttle, even hip- checking a few obstinate walkers.
When Smoking becomes a Solution
If you don’t smoke, it will be best you hang out in the open streets, outdoor cafes, and terraces. There are very few 100% non-smoking places thanks to a law that was passed a few years ago requiring restaurants larger than 100m sq to have non-smoking sections. Alternatively, you can take up smoking now and puff away almost anywhere when touring Spain.
Bar Tricks
A cold, refreshing glass of cava or some delicious tapa is going to be a big reason why you visit the bars on your tour of Spain. However, be warned. Patience will get you no tapas. No one will look at you; not the bartender, not other revellers. Just imagine “please ignore me” written on your forehead with neon colours.
You have to be aggressive yet passive. Hip-check a few people, signal the bartender with a raised arm, say “perdone”, and place your order. If you remembered to carry a blow horn, this is the time to blow it followed by a shout “Dos tintos por favour!” All through be polite and make sure “please” and “thank you” are in your vocabulary. Also don’t order when the person in front of you hasn’t ordered yet.
Living with the Noise
People in Spain have mastered the art of living life to the fullest. Their noise is a cultural attraction. Every hour of every day you see people out on the streets and on the terraces, seemingly addicted to open air. The decibel is almost deafening but it keeps you on the edge. You know any second you will hear some raucous laughter or be caught in the middle of an impromptu jam session. The trick is to go with the flow.
The Casa de limon is the best holiday villa on the Mediterranean coast. Call Helen today on 07989 959 008 and make reservations for a spot on the most epic tour of Spain.



‹ Tips on How to Tour Spain like a Native
Make Your Holiday an Experience of Bizarre Spanish Festivals ›



		Tagged with: holiday villa alicante, touring spain		Posted in Holiday Villa Alicante, Travelling Tips 



Add Comment
Register
 





Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website









Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
E-mail *
Website
Comment  You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  








Archives 
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
March 2014
December 2013

  Recent Posts 

10 Tips to Stay Safe and Enjoy your Overseas Tour


Why Guardamar del Segura is Your Perfect Vacation Destination


Strategy to Get the Best Package Holiday Deals


Make Your Holiday an Experience of Bizarre Spanish Festivals


Add Street Wisdom to Your Spanish Tour Arsenal









Get in Touch 
Casa de limonAvenida Joaquin Chapaprieta56 No16, El Raso 03140,Guardamar del SeguraAlicante
07989 959 008
Click here to Email

Quick LinksHome
The Villa
Location
Gallery
Attractions
Bookings/Enquiries
Blogs!
Latest Tweets Tweets by @casa_de_limon

Get a Call Back 




















© 2017 Casa de Limon – Holiday Villa in Alicante Spain. All rights reserved
		

↑

			Website Created by soMobi websites
























