













 
The Arsenal fans site for true Gooners






















Search ...  Search 




















Home 


Match News





Previews


Reviews


Confirmed Line Ups


Opposition View


Post Match Q&A







AV News 


Articles 


My Vision 


Your Vision 


Search 


AV Podcast





Podcast







Contact Us 





Advertising 






















Log in

Register








Login to your account

						Don't have an account yet?  Register now!  


Username *





Password *








							Remember Me					






 




					Forgot your password?



					Forgot your username?








Create an account

Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.


Name *






Username *






Password *






Verify password *






Email *






Verify email *







Captcha *



Reload Captcha







							Register							
						

 









Arsenal News 24/7




















 


		For site advertising enquiries	









		Refresh [F5] For More Giftastic Gunners	











HomeOpposition ViewAston Villa (n) Opposition View: "Jack Grealish is a pesky player who could cause some problems"









 Opposition View 






							Aston Villa (n) Opposition View: "Jack Grealish is a pesky player who could cause some problems"					


   

 Print 
 Email 




													Details							


Alex Carson 



					30 May 2015				




						Created: 30 May 2015					



 

Thanks to Alex Carson who writes for 7500toholte.sbnation.com for taking the time out to answer some questions on the today's cup match.
1) Before we get onto Villa, how are you feeling ahead of the game? Nerves? Confidence?
A bit of everything, really. Obviously, you’re gonna be nervous ahead of the game, and there’s a part of me that’s afraid Villa’ll get whacked 4-0 or something. But at the same time, I’m pretty confident they’ll put in a good performance.
2) What has Tim Sherwood done to change Villa's fortunes around?
Above all else, he’s just taken the reigns off the squad. Villa were dull, negative, and just looking to hold possession (though doing nothing with it) under Paul Lambert, and he’s completely flipped that around, which was exactly what the club needed; there’s not a lack of attacking talent here. He also brought Jack Grealish properly into the first team, which has been huge.
3) I was very, very impressed by your performance in the semi final against Liverpool. Where would you rank that performance this season?
Probably our best performance of the year. From pretty much start to finish, Villa controlled the majority of play in that game. It was on the heels of a win at Spurs; recapturing that form would be key.
4) Who has been your player of the season and why?
Christian Benteke, I think, has to be the choice here with his recent goalscoring, but Fabian Delph also deserves a shot. He signed a four-year deal in January (when he could have left tomorrow) to stay with the club, which was a huge boost.
5) Who has not performed as you may have expected and why?
Ron Vlaar. Definitely. Came off one of the best World Cups anyone had and hasn’t recaptured the form. He single handedly cost us a couple games down the stretch, which could have been key.
6) Onto the big game. Who is likely to cause Arsenal the most amount of problems?
It’s gotta be Benteke, though he won’t mean anything if he isn’t linking with his teammates. Jack Grealish is a pesky player who could cause some problems as well, but don’t expect him to do it all on his own.
7) Which Arsenal players worry you and why?
Is it alright if I say all of them? As I’ll allude to below, Villa have employed a high defensive line under Sherwood, and I’ve had nightmares of Arsenal’s forwards and midfielders just punishing the club for it. If I had to hone in on one player though, I’d have to go with Theo Walcott. His pace makes him a real threat to get in behind our defense on goal.
8) How do you see Villa approaching the game? Sitting back and hitting on the break or attacking us the way you attacked Liverpool?
Attacking, which is noble, but could be Villa’s downfall. That high defensive line I mentioned earlier is what did Lambert’s Villa in during those 3-0 and 5-0 defeats, and I’m afraid it’ll happen again. He may very well try to win this game 3-2.
9) Any other thoughts?
Really looking forward to it. Winning the Cup would mean so much for the club right now — hell, just getting there is huge — but there’s also a realization it’s going to take a massive performance to get it done. Best of luck to your lads.


 





















				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			


15 Sep 2015


So let me stop reminiscing of days gone by and let me focus on our Welsh wonder. Let me start off by saying that I think it is quite obvious that Aaron Ramsey is better in central midfield. His partnership with Mesut Özil, his running from deep and his underrated ball winning ability makes him a ...Read more







My Vision


15
Sep



				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			




09
Aug



				Thoughts on Arsenal's squad for season 15/16			




31
Jul



				Thoughts on Arsenal's pre season & Potential selection surprises			




10
Jul



				Diaby and Podolski: The what might have beens			




09
Jul



				Arteta is no liability & Can prove valuable in new team			










Latest Articles



				AV Post Match Podcast - EP127: Bayern Munich (a) - Milk The Talent Out Of Him			





				Bayern Munich (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Pace, Power & Pragmatism			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP126:  Hull City (h) - The Crazy Optimist			





				Hull City (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Victory Needed To Steady The Rocking Ship			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP125:  Chelsea (a) - We’re Literally All Going To Die			





				Chelsea (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Only An Arsenal Victory Will Be Good Enough			





				Watford (h) - Tuesday Sucked Big Time			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP124:  Watford (h) - The Vulnerability Of Covering Green Grass			





				Watford (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: A Lovely Selection Headache for Arsène tonight			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP123:  Southampton (a) - Walbeck or Welcott			



Other Football Articles



				The Curious Case of Danny Welbeck			





				Expert Health Tips for Footballers by Christiano Ronaldo			





				How Gambling in Football Impacts Arsenal FC			





				Betting in Football			





















Footie Links

 




    











Copyright © 2015 Arsenal Vision. All Rights Reserved.
Site design by Bagenda.com




 Contact UsSite MapAccessibility and usabilityTerms of useAdvertising










