











				Sunday, February 19, 2017			




 
 




 

 



 
 
 




     
   

Headlines
NEWS

Politics
Business
Technology
Featured


Sports
Entertainment
Music
Lifestyle

Relationships
Fashion


Health
Gossips
Editorial
 





Search for:



 














Sports

Arsenal Boss, Arsene Wenger Gets Four-Match Touchline  Ban

Jan 30, 2017 Tosin Comment(0) 











The French tactician has been severely punished by the English Football Association over an unbecoming behaviour during a heated class. 

 

 
Arsene Wenger
 
Arsene Wenger has been handed a four-match touchline ban by the FA after the Arsenal manager admitted a charge of misconduct.
 
The FA handed down the punishment on Monday after Wenger was charged for pushing fourth official Anthony Taylor after he was sent to the stands for protesting a penalty decision in Sunday’s win over Burnley.
 
He was also fined £25,000 for his actions, and will have to spend the next four games sitting in the stands.
 
Wenger was also charged with using insulting language toward the officials. The Arsenal boss has apologised for his actions and accepted the charge.
 
“It was alleged that in or around the 92nd minute, he used abusive and/or insulting words towards the fourth official,” an FA statement said.
 
“It was further alleged that following his dismissal from the technical area, his behaviour in remaining in the tunnel area and making physical contact with the fourth official amounted to improper conduct.”



Facebook Comments





DOUBLE CLICK TO WATCH AND DOWNLOAD VIDEO BELOW!



<<<




Share this:TweetShare on TumblrWhatsAppEmailPrint








        Loading...
    









Related
 

Tagged ban 


Post navigation
3 South-East Governors About to Decamp to APC – Gov.  Okorocha Says APC will Guarantee Igbo PresidencyJAMB Warns Against Fake Application Forms in Circulation



Leave a Reply Cancel reply














Copyright © Gist.ng 2014 - 2017
 | 
						Editorial by MysteryThemes.					

Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Advertise With Us
 

















 


Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			






















