















Front Page


World


UK


UK Politics


Business


Sci/Tech


Health


Education


Sport


Entertainment


Talking Point


In Depth


On Air


Archive


Feedback
Low Graphics
Help






Wednesday, June 30, 1999 Published at 14:30 GMT 15:30 UK


United pull out of FA Cup
Manchester United look set to play in Fifa's World Team Championship
Manchester United have confirmed they will accept the Football Association's offer of missing next season's FA Cup.

Martin Edwards announces United's decision to sit out the FA CupThe Old Trafford giants have defied opposition from supporters by agreeing to skip the competition so they can take part in the inaugural World Team Championship.

United chairman Martin Edwards said the club had "no alternative" but to accept the offer for one year only.

Kevin Bocquet: "The club says that players can't play 80 games in the season"He added that the decision had been made "in the national interest".

The FA wants United to play in the new tournament in Brazil next January - because they believe it could aid England's 2006 World Cup bid.

Martin Edwards: Agonised over the FA's unprecedented offerThe Treble winners were concerned that the inaugural tournament would add to their already hectic fixture schedule, which led to the FA's proposal to ditch the FA Cup.

The FA's interim executive director, David Davies thanked United for what he agreed had been an "agonising decision".

Supporters and influential figures within the game have criticised the move, arguing that it devalues the oldest cup competition in world football.

New target

In a statement Edwards said: "We realise that many of our supporters will be as disappointed as we are with our decision not to compete in the FA Cup.

Click here to watch the Manchester United / FA press conference"Manchester United see this as an opportunity to compete for the ultimate honour of being the very first world club champions."

United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has been a long-time critic of the fixture congestion in English football and he was concerned his team would be unable to challenge for yet another trophy.

Sir Alex Ferguson: "The English World Cup bid was paramount""We can't go for them all," he said. "We can't play in the FA Cup and in Brazil. That would be impossible.

"We're in a no-win situation here. The criticism we would have received if we hadn't gone (to Brazil) would have been unthinkable - and that's a Scotsman speaking."

FA plans Premiership cut

The FA has proposed reducing the number of teams in the Premiership from 20 to 18 in an attempt to address next season's growing fixture chaos.

Mike Ingham reports for the BBC on a momentous decisionThe issue, brought into focus by United's exit from the FA Cup, is a growing problem with some clubs now facing up to 70 matches in a season.
 
David Davies said: "We are very concerned about the amount of football that our players are playing.

Coventry chairman Brian Richardson: "It's against everything we agreed when we set the Premiership up""We can't just reach a solution in England. FIFA are working on a world football calendar and we have to be part of that."

But Davies also acknowledged the lack of support among Premiership clubs for a reduction - and was left in even less doubt as a clutch of clubs again spoke out in defiance.

David Davies: "We want United to lead English clubs onto the world stage"West Ham secretary Graham Mackrell led the rebuttal, saying: "When you see the amount of money being generated in the Premiership you can't realistically expect to see clubs voting to fall on their swords."

Leeds chairman Peter Ridsdale added: "I feel very strongly that domestic football is the foundation of our game, and if you undermine that the rest is likely to collapse."








Advanced options | Search tips









Back to top | BBC News Home | BBC Homepage | ©


















Relevant Stories

30 Jun 99 | Talking Point
Should Man Utd quit the FA Cup?28 Jun 99 | Football
Edwards derides 'no win' situation26 Jun 99 | Football
Sir Alex looking for FA Cup bye22 May 99 | FA Cup
Double joy for Man United21 May 99 | FA Cup
The Road to Wembley






Internet Links






Manchester United







The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.






In this section



	White Rose rivals meet again
	

	Derby double swoop fails
	

	Spurs stifle depleted Gunners
	

	Dons destroy Leeds hopes
	

	Campbell punishes Newcastle
	

	Goalless as east meets west
	

	Cole double sinks Leicester
	

	Anfield has to wait for win
	

	Steady Reddy saves Sunderland
	

	Poor Villa beaten by Saints
	

	De Bilde saves Wednesday
	

	Bantams hold quick start Coventry
	

	Heggem seals Anfield victory
	

	Mighty Quinn sends Spurs crashing
	

	Keane leads Coventry charge
	

	Harte breaks Hammers
	








