







Sunday ,  19  February 2017
Wadup Exclusive
Advertise on Wadup.com.ng
Write For Us










 
Wadup 

 
 


 


Home
Music

Fresh Talents


Movies & TV
Videos
News

World Wide News
Blog
Hot Jobs
Relationships
Public Opinion
Gadget Store
Sports
World Wide News


Events
Fashion
Wadup Hottie
Wadup Exclusive
Contact us
About Us
DCMA
 


News

President Buhari’s Aide Celebrates Ali Modu Sheriff’s Victory as Ben Bruce Finally Bows
How I Escaped Being Murdered by My Friend – Nigerian  Rapper, Yung6ix
Nigerian Governors to Storm London En Masse on August  Visit to President Buhari
Governor Fayose Finally Decides to Visit Buhari in  London…See Interesting Details
Chocolate City Boss, Audu Maikori Has Been Released After Being Arrested
Buhari Is Ashamed Of Disclosing His Illness – Dele Momodu
Photo: Gov. Wike Wins Governor Of The Year Award
Petrol Subsidy Back, FG In Dilemma How To Keep Paying Difference
“Wike And Fayose Have Brought Shame To PDP” – Ali Modu Sheriff
We’re Working On Securing Audu Maikori’s Release – Paul Okeugo


 


 






Arsenal Boss, Arsene Wenger Gets Four-Match Touchline  Ban


The French tactician has been severely punished by the English Football Association over an unbecoming behaviour during a heated class. 

 

 
Arsene Wenger
 
Arsene Wenger has been handed a four-match touchline ban by the FA after the Arsenal manager admitted a charge of misconduct.
 
The FA handed down the punishment on Monday after Wenger was charged for pushing fourth official Anthony Taylor after he was sent to the stands for protesting a penalty decision in Sunday’s win over Burnley.
 
He was also fined £25,000 for his actions, and will have to spend the next four games sitting in the stands.
 
Wenger was also charged with using insulting language toward the officials. The Arsenal boss has apologised for his actions and accepted the charge.
 
“It was alleged that in or around the 92nd minute, he used abusive and/or insulting words towards the fourth official,” an FA statement said.
 
“It was further alleged that following his dismissal from the technical area, his behaviour in remaining in the tunnel area and making physical contact with the fourth official amounted to improper conduct.”


Related
Comments comments

Winger 2017-01-30
Wadup ADMIN

Share !

tweet 















 


 loading...




Previous: Unbelievable! See Photos of a Multi-millionaire Ferrari Car  Abandoned in Ibadan
Next: Did Linda Ikeji Abandon Sister’s Traditional Wedding for  Blogging?



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published.Comment Name 
Email 
Website
 

 
Current ye@r *




Leave this field empty


 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 




 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
Top Posts & Pages
 

						AUDIO + VIDEO: Mr Eazi - Hollup					



						DOWNLOAD AUDIO: Di’Ja ft. Patoranking – Falling For You					



						AUDIO + VIDEO: Davido - If					



						New Music  : F2 - Gyration (Prod By YungRoc) @F2ibe					



						DOWNLOAD MUSIC: Praiz – Lost In You ft Sammy					

 
 Enter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurner
 

 













 

				© Copyright 2013, All Rights Reserved. | Powered by Wadup | Designed by Dapo Osuntuyi 



Scroll To Top
















