




























 



 Home



 U.K.



 News


 
 

Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Soccer


Premier League


Champions League


Transfer News


UFC


Boxing


Tennis


F1


Rugby


Cricket


Golf


NBA


More



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback








DailyMail






 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Messi keeps Barcelona's title hopes alive with last-gasp penalty against Leganes as fans sing for under pressure boss Enrique





'Chelsea can only think about the FA Cup because I think they are champions': Mourinho starts mind games after being drawn against old club in quarter-finals





Giant-killers Lincoln to face Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter-finals as Chelsea get ready to host former boss Mourinho and Manchester United





Rashford stakes his claim for a starting spot in EFL Cup final after getting back among the goals against Blackburn





Rugby in mourning after former Australia lock Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37





Super sub Ibrahimovic sends United into FA Cup quarter-finals as Mourinho's men come from behind to beat struggling Blackburn





The most expensive bench in FA Cup history: Manchester United sit out £192m-worth of talent, including Pogba, Ibrahimovic, Mata and Schweinsteiger





Mourinho praises attitude of subs Pogba and Ibrahimovic against Blackburn





Wenger fights back: I'll go on for FOUR more years, says boss... but PSG is still an option as Arsenal take look at big guns Benitez, Allegri and Tuchel 





Tottenham's trophy drought is now longer than Arsenal's infamous run... so Pochettino must make most of FA Cup





Pochettino focused on 'final' against Gent after earning victory at Fulham





Mourinho's applause for Graham, red cards for Venky's and some serious United ink: Six things you missed at Ewood Park





City star Jesus starts road to recovery after successful foot surgery in Barcelona





Arsenal icon Henry defends Wenger and blames players for mess: 'We could all see mental fragility was the problem' 





'Ozil is Arsenal in a nutshell... he's a worldie against Palace but a world away against the big boys,' blasts Souness





Sutton United (£0) v Arsenal (£173m): How the teams match up ahead of ultimate non-League v giants match





Kane puts Spurs on cruise control: Striker's hat-trick secures simple win at Fulham and edges Pochettino closer to Wembley





Spurs star Rose's brother facing lengthy ban after he angrily knocked red card out of referee's hand following red card for Newport





Bayern boss Ancelotti admits swearing at Hertha Berlin fans - but says gesture was in response to being spat at





Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap... and the time he left Mourinho 'p****d off' after going on strike





Pogba was a snip at £89m, insists Mourinho as boss predicts record transfer fee will be broken THIS YEAR





Mourinho insists Shaw will NOT be sold by Manchester United this summer





Former West Ham misfit Zaza finally scores for Valencia (and Nani does too!)





Everton loanee Deulofeu scores first goal for AC Milan in victory against Fiorentina




Previous
Next









Transfer news LATEST: Man United, Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool updates plus more from rest of Europe
Follow all the latest transfer news from the Premier League and EuropeEverton have rejected a £16million bid from Newcastle for James McCarthy West Brom have emerged as a suitor for Chelsea veteran Branislav IvanovicPatrick van Aanholt is nearing a £14m move to Crystal Palace from Sunderland By

Sportsmail Reporter

Published:
  03:38 EST, 29 January 2017

 | 
Updated:
  10:22 EST, 29 January 2017













e-mail








53
shares

 
          14
View  comments











Danny Gallagher
Host commentator



















Auto-update




16:57 


And that's a wrap


Plenty of movements today. Sure to be plenty more in the final few days before the window slams shut. 
Make sure you stay with Sportsmail, every day for the remainder of the January transfer window.












16:43 


Touchdown in France


Just the official unveiling photo left to go now for Dimitri Payet.


🔵 La photo de l'arrivée de Dimitri Payet dans la région ! 📸Via @YESWECANOM #TeamOM 🔵⚪ pic.twitter.com/Qcawzq5rDc— #TeamOM Officiel (@TeamOM_Officiel) January 29, 2017













16:36 


Southampton close on deal for Napoli striker


A deal to bring striker Manolo Gabbiadini to the Premier League is close with Southampton looking set to pay around £17million for the Italian, according to Sky Sports.
The deal being discussed is worth an initial £13.6m, with £3.4m in add-ons.
Napoli are believed to be requesting a 10 per cent sell-on-fee for any future deal, while the Saints are set to offer the player a four-year deal.


Southampton's move for Manolo Gabbiadini has stepped closer












15:47 


Chelsea turn to Stockdale for back-up


It appears Celtic's tough stance on refusing to part with their goalkeeper Craig Gordon could spell bad news for Brighton.
The Blues are believed to be turning their attention to the Seagull's No 1, and could make a bid before the transfer window closes on January 31.
The Stamford Bridge side are searching for a back-up stopper for Thibaut Courtois, and Stockdale could well fit the bill.


Brighton goalkeeper David Stockdale is on Chelsea's radar











14:50 


Payet bids farewell


The deal has been agreed between the Hammers and Marseille and the 29-year-old has sorted terms with his former club.
All that now remains is the medical.
Leave under the radar? Let the saga gently blow over? Not Payet... here's a snap of his method of departure. Private jet time.


On rentre à la maison pic.twitter.com/AcwO3FChYt— Dimitri Payet (@dimpayet17) January 29, 2017













14:06 


Boro's pursuit of Jese to end fruitless


Middlesbrough are set to see their efforts to acquire of the services of PSG winger Jese Rodriguez end miserably, according to reports in France.
Aitor Karanka had been hoping to bring the former Real Madrid winger to the Riverside, but the 23-year-old is believed to prefer a move back to Spain.
Jese's hometown club Las Palmas are in for the player, report Telefoot, and a deal could soon be concluded.


Middlesbrough are set to be disappointed in their pursuit for Jese












13:00 


DONE DEAL


It's official, Dimitri Payet is no longer a West Ham United player.
The Hammers have now officially confirmed the Frenchman's departure.
The East London club have announced a fee of £25m has changed hands. And thus, there concludes one of the biggest sagas of the window...


West Ham United can confirm that a £25m fee has today been agreed for the transfer of Dimitri Payet to Olympique de Marseille#COYI pic.twitter.com/U99Cl6cEdO— West Ham United (@WestHamUtd) January 29, 2017













12:23 


Stoke put a block on Premier League loan deals for Bojan


Bojan Kirkic may have sealed his loan move to Mainz today, but any hopes the striker may have had of remaining in the Premier League were dashed.
The Midlands club had adopted a stance of refusal when it came to the possibility of loaning Bojan to another top flight club.
The Potters were also demanding £12m+ for a potential transfer, as reported by Sportsmail's Adam Crafton.


Boro were seriously in (Watford also considered) but Stoke demanded £12m+ and refused to loan to PL clubs. No clause for permanent deal.— Adam Crafton (@AdamCrafton_) January 29, 2017













12:04 


Payet to take pay cut in France


It looks like Dimitri Payet was prepared to get back to France by any given means, and this includes taking a pay cut.
Sky Sports are reporting the 29-year-old will shave a portion off the wages he is picking up per week with the Hammers.
Payet currently pockets around £120,000 on a weekly basis in East London, but is expected to see this reduced by £25,000 upon arrival back in Marseille.


Dimitri Payet taking £25,000 a week pay cut to return to Marseille. Told he will earn £100,000 a week back in France— Kaveh Solhekol (@SkyKaveh) January 29, 2017













11:26 


Igahlo closing in on big money Super League switch


Football fans were left bemused during the summer when an eye-watering bid from China came in for Watford striker Odion Ighalo.
The move was rejected by the striker back then... but now it appears to be all systems go.
The 27-year-old Nigerian international has struggled to replicate last season’s form and the Hornets are contemplating a reported £27m offer for his services, report Squawka.
West Brom have been linked with a move for the forward, though would be unable to compete with the financial of the Far East.


Watford are tempted to offload striker Odion Ighalo to the Chinese Super League (Gettyimages)












11:15 


Stoke striker Bojan heads to Germany on loan


ADAM CRAFTON: Stoke City forward Bojan has joined Bundesliga side Mainz 05 on loan for the rest of the season.
The Barcelona academy product had been linked with a move to Premier League side Middlesbrough, but has chosen a move to Germany in order to seek first team football.
Mainz confirmed the news with a picture of Bojan signing his contract shared on the club's Twitter account this morning.


#Bojan wird 05er! #Mainz05 leiht @BoKrkic von @stokecity bis Saisonende aus! #WelcomeBojan pic.twitter.com/2C5KmHoGPk— 1. FSV Mainz 05 (@1FSVMainz05) January 29, 2017













11:09 


Deal believed to be agreed for Payet


The saga looks set to finally end.
It'll come as a surprise to nobody that Dimitri Payet is heading for the West Ham exit, but a finalised price for the midfielder has been haggled over relentlessly.
Payet has repeatedly expressed his desire to return to former club Marseille, and the newly cash-rich French giants are more than willing to take the 29-year-old back.
But the fee, persistently, has been the issue.
West Ham are said to be holding out for £30million up front but, now, it appears the two sides have come to an agreement on £25m, according to Sky Sports' Kaveh Solhekol.
The fee is expected to later rise as a result of add-ons.


Marseille are paying West Ham £25m for Dimitri Payet #WHUFC— Kaveh Solhekol (@SkyKaveh) January 29, 2017













11:02 


Rooney to China?


A record breaking goalscorer one week, the latest big money Chinese acquisition the next?
Reports linking Rooney with a move to Asia are gathering momentum, with the 31-year-old reported to be set for a huge pay rise should a transfer materialise.
Speaking on Sky Sports' Sunday Supplement, sports reporter of The Independent Jack Pitt-Brooke agreed with the speculation and confirmed the Red Devils would be open to letting the iconic striker leave.
'Mourinho has been looking to phase out Rooney gradually, but has been making sure to do it respectfully. He's got his record goal now, so it's a question of a money and lifestyle thing,' Pitt-Brooke said.


Manchester United's record goalscorer Wayne Rooney could be China bound












10:55 


Tough times for Liverpool forcing Klopp to spend?


Liverpool's recent demise could force manager Jurgen Klopp to splash the cash, with Roma's Argentinian ace Leandro Paredes a name persistently linked.
According to news circulating in Italy, Liverpool's recent defeat to Wolves has altered the club's stance on going in for Paredes.
The Merseyside club are poised to table a bid to add reinforcment to their midfield ranks, according to reports by Calcio Mercato.
A bid of around £26.5 million could tempt the Italian giants.


Leandro Paredes is reportedly on the radar of Liverpool (GettyImages)












10:43 


Hull stepping up interest in Lyon defender


Hull City will step up their efforts to bring in Lyon defender Nicolas N’Koulou before the window closes.
The Tigers have been pursuing the Cameroon international and Lyon are willing to allow their man to leave, according to L'Equipe.
N’Koulou is still out in Gabon representing his country at the Africa Cup of Nations, and is believed to have a preference to remain in France.


Hull will increase their efforts to sign Lyon defender Nicolas N'Koulou (Gettyimages)












10:34 


Swansea consider loan move for Lisandro Lopez


Premier League strugglers Swansea are mulling over a potential loan move for Benfica man Lisandro Lopez.
The Swans are keen to tighten up their defensive ranks as they bid to stay in England's top flight and a move for Lopez could materalise as a result, report ESPN.
Lopez has made just five starts in the Portuguese league this season and a potential move would see him gain valuable match time.
Since the arrival of Paul Clement the Swans have climbed out of the fateful relegation zone, though still find themselves a precious two points away from the bottom three.


Swansea are plotting a loan move for Benfica's Argentinian defender Lisandro Lopez











10:27 


Holloway calls for a striker


QPR boss Ian Holloway has made no secret of his desire to bring in a striker before the window slams shut.
'I'm going to try to make us stronger all around and particularly up front if I can,' Holloway said in the aftermath of his side's defeat to Burton on Saturday.
The R's have been linked with wantaway Villa man Ross McCormack in recent weeks, though face stiff competition from a host of other clubs.











10:25 


Liverpool to ward off interest in Lallana


Adam Lallana has been in blistering form for Liverpool this season, and it appears the Reds are moving to secure the future of the play-maker.
A fresh four-year deal, believed to be worth in the region of £120,000 per week, is said to be on the table for the 28-year-old as reported by the Express.
Lallana has been links with the European giants of Barcelona and PSG after becoming a vital component in Jurgen Klopp's side this season.


Liverpool are keen to secure the future of the in-form Adam Lallana












10:15 



Big money bids in the offing for Griezmann



ROB DRAPER: Arsenal are expected to challenge Manchester United for the signature of Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann, the north London club having failed with an initial attempt to sign him last summer.
Arsenal were rebuffed then because the Frenchman had just extended his contract with Atletico until 2021.
But it is widely expected that Europe's elite clubs will move again for him in the summer, with Griezmann having recently been voted third best player in the world behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
READ THE FULL STORY HERE


Europe's most wanted man Griezmann is set to be subject of huge bids












10:10 


Norwich to take McCormack?


One man who seems destined for a move before the window is out is Villa striker Ross McCormack.
The striker's bridges seem all but burned at the Midlands club after a recent fall-out concerning his conduct prompted public criticism from manager Steve Bruce.
Norwich have inquired about the player, the man who they attempted to sign in the summer when he was leaving Fulham, but were gazumped by Villa who bid £12million.
QPR are also interested in the player, though may struggle to meet wage demands.


Wantaway striker Ross McCormack looks set for a move












10:03 


Leicester check on defender Kara Mbodji


The reigning Premier League champions have checked in on Anderlecht defender Kara Mbodji this weekend, while in action at the Africa Cup of Nations.
The 27-year-old played for Senegal against Cameroon in the African Nations Cup. Crystal Palace also watched the 6ft 4ins defender who is available for £6million.
Known as Kara, he has 32 caps and can also play in midfield.


Leicester are keeping a check on Senegal defender Kara Mbodji












09:59 


Everton reject Newcastle's £16m advances for McCarthy


SIMON JONES: Newcastle United have had a £16million offer for Everton's James McCarthy rejected. 
The Championship high fliers are keen to build a squad fit for the Premier League and had identified McCarthy as a quality signing who could lift them to promotion.
However, Everton chairman Bill Kenwright has told them the Republic of Ireland international is not for sale.


Everton are reluctant to part with James McCarthy












09:52 



Liverpool youngsters in talks with Barnsley



Liverpool defender Connor Randall is in talks to join Championship side Barnsley on loan. 
The 21-year-old right-back made his first start of the season in Liverpool's FA Cup defeat to Wolves on Saturday, he was replaced at half time.
Barnsley want a replacement for James Bree who joined Aston Villa last week.


Liverpool's Connor Randall could be set for a loan switch to Barnsley











09:41 


Good morning


Good morning one and all,
Welcome back to Sportsmail's coverage of the January transfer window.
With only a matter of days until the window slams shut, expect plenty of comings and goings as clubs look to conclude their business.









{"id":"4168314","channel":"/sport","pageUrl":"http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-4168314/Transfer-news-LATEST-Man-United-Arsenal-Chelsea-LFC.html","status":"running","greenBox":{"body":""},"modifiedOrder":1}
0
0










With the January transfer window entering is final few days clubs across Europe are looking to get their business done ahead of the second half of the season.Newcastle have seen a £16million bid for Everton midfielder James McCarthy rejected while Patrick van Aanholt is nearing a £14m move to Crystal Palace from SunderlandWest Ham outcast Dimitri Payet remains a wanted man, while Chelsea veteran Branislav Ivanovic has emerged as a target for West Brom.Join Sportsmail as we bring you all the latest transfer news from around the world right here. 


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






Everton reject £16million bid from Newcastle for James...



Premier League transfers: Five deals that should go...



Dimitri Payet and the Premier League millionaires should...



Leicester set to up the ante in bid to sign wantaway...





Share this article
Share
53 shares










Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








53
shares












      Most watched Sport videos          Scenes of chaos after Millwall beat Leicester City 1-0         NYCFC captain David Villa 'punches' opponent during match         Wolves v Chelsea: FA Cup fifth round preview         Paul Pogba hilariously does the 'La Pogbance' with family members         "I'll manage next season' Arsene Wenger confirms his future         Millwall fans celebrate their side's goal against Leicester in FA Cup         Wolves v Chelsea: FA Cup fifth round preview         Jonathan Calleri snaps West Ham Cheikhou Kouyate dancing         Jose Mourinho reacts to Manchester United's win at Old Trafford         Aaron Cresswell blushes as performer sings Happy Birthday         Jose Mourinho on Man United's FA Cup victory over Blackburn         Wenger: 'I will manage next season, here or somewhere else'.          





       Former Australia lock Dan Vickerman dies at his home in...      Blackburn Rovers are a family club but they have been...      Blackburn Rovers 1-2 Manchester United: Zlatan...      Jose Mourinho could be forced to put rookie stopper Dean...      Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup...      Manchester United stars arrive at the Lowry hotel ahead...      Jose Mourinho insists Luke Shaw will not be jettisoned by...      Blackburn fans protest against owners before Jose...      'Chelsea can afford to pay more attention to FA Cup...      Mario Balotelli sees red for the THIRD time in his short...      Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez happy to be back in training...      Liverpool poised to beat Manchester United to signing of...      Manchester United name £192m bench against Blackburn...      Mesut Ozil can't produce when it matters, insists Graeme...      Arsenal icon Thierry Henry defends Arsene Wenger and...      Royston Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap and...      Roger Federer shows off Australian Open trophy on top of...      Rafa Benitez looks set to stay as Newcastle boss beyond...     MOST READ SPORT  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       




More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search
















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail










Get the Football RSS feed


RSS


My Yahoo!


Feedly


AOL Reader


More RSS feeds...





 
 
STARS OF SPORT










          Murty  amusingly reacts to missed chance by performing headstand
          
          Rangers caretaker boss Graeme Murty saw team defeated 2-1 by Dundee
        











          No rest for Ronaldo as Real Madrid superstar works out at home 
          
          The former Man United forward was busy on Sunday strengthening his legs in his home gym
        











          Fonte meets viral sensation Salt Bae during West Ham camp
          
          Jose Fonte  had the honour of meeting  Salt Bae and called the viral sensation the 'Champ'
        











          Jesus on the road to recovery after successful operation on fractured metatarsal
          
          The Man City star is likely to be absent between eight to 12 weeks
        











          Aren't you supposed to applaud your own team, Jose? United boss enjoys Blackburn opener in FA Cup tie
          
          Danny Graham scored the opener on Sunday
        












 



If the football's on, it's on







Live tables

Fixtures

Scores






Premier League
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Div 1
Scottish Div 2
Scottish Div 3
Ligue 1
Serie A
La Liga
Bundesliga








More tables







More fixtures








More scores








 
 
TOP SPORT STORIES










          Blackburn 1-2 Manchester United
          
          Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to fire Jose Mourinho's side into the FA Cup quarter-finals at Ewood Park on Sunday  
        











          Fulham 0-3 Tottenham Hotspur
          
          Harry Kane nets impressive hat-trick to secure a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals, where they will face Millwall
        











          Barcelona 2-1 Leganes
          
          Lionel Messi scores last-gasp penalty against impressive visitors as Catalan giants maintain pressure on  Real Madrid
        











          Cardiff boss Warnock jokes he would rather be honoured with a minute of booing instead of silence when he passes away
          
          He made joke on Sunday 
        











          Hodson sparks bafflement after wearing Rangers shirt without a badge... in wake of row with Puma
          
          Rangers fans were left bemused 
        











          Bayern boss Ancelotti admits swearing at Hertha Berlin fans
          
          But the Italian boss says gesture was in response to being spat at by home supporters on Saturday 
        











          Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter final
          
          The Imps saw off Burnley with an 89th-minute winner from Sean Raggett to beat   Clarets.
        











          Michael Watson and his carer are sprayed with ammonia by thugs who smashed into the back of them
          
          EXCLUSIVE: He was driving in east London
        











          Former Australia lock  Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37
          
          No details of the cause of death have been disclosed
        











          Wenger believes he could have four more years in management... and he wants to spend them at Arsenal
          
          Gunners boss is not yet ready to retire
        











          Ex-Arsenal prodigy Eastmond tells Glenn Hoddle how Sutton can add to Wenger's woe
          
          National League side looking to cause major shock
        











          England legend  Smith reveals she has married her same-sex partner: 'It's taken 38 years to talk about this...'
          
          OLIVER HOLT speaks to former Arsenal star
        









 
 
MORE STARS OF SPORT










          Wel-back: Arsenal striker steps up his return to full fitness as he plays for Under 23s 
          
          The Arsenal forward will not face Sutton on Monday night 
        











          Oi that's funny! Pool player gives hilarious interview after reaching quarter-final of the World Pool Masters 
          
          Naoyuki Oi gave the most amusing interview
        











          Sanchez looks happy to be back after tax fraud case while Wenger looks dejected ahead of Sutton tie
          
          Arsenal prepare for Monday's FA Cup test
        











          Friends reunited: Broner beats pal Granados by split decision as he makes successful return
          
          He has put his troubled year behind him 
        











          Attack of the drones! Orlando Magic star Gordon uses machine to deliver ball during NBA All-Star weekend
          
          Watch Gordon's gutsy attempt 
        











          Technology 1-0 David Villa: Referee uses video replay to send off former Barcelona and Valencia striker 
          
          Footage showed him punching an opponent
        











          Oh Mario! Balotelli sees red for the THIRD time in his Nice career
          
          Italian striker only joined the Ligue 1 club at the beginning of the season 
        











          Bentley's coming home! Former Spurs star plots return to England as an agent 
          
          Former England international has been living in Marbella 
        











          United stars arrive at the Lowry ahead of FA Cup clash at Blackburn
          
          Pogba and Mata among the stars checking in ahead of fifth-round tie 
        











          From Down Under to the top of a mountain  
          
          The 35-year-old has taken the famous trophy to the top of a snow-capped mountain to fulfil a personal ambition
        











          Millwall's giant-killing FA Cup victory over Leicester marred by crowd trouble
          
          Yohan Benalouane and other Leicester stars goaded after defeat
        













          There's only one Costa! Six things you missed from Chelsea's  win over Wolves
          
          Chelsea kept alive their domestic double charge thanks to Diego
        











          Bale us out, Gareth... Real Madrid star greets Bournemouth as they look to end slump 
          
          Eddie Howe's side are training in Madrid after an awful run of form 
        











          Not your usual mascots! Burnley ask OAPs to walk out with team for Lincoln tie 
          
          The youngest of the mascots on Saturday was 69-years-old 
        











          Looking for some Messi magic? Dynamo watches Barcelona train after PSG humbling 
          
          The illusionist was at the club's training base to take in a session
        











          Working out Memphis! United flop tries to prove fitness in the gym amid criticism
          
          Memphis Depay has struggled to impress since joining Lyon 
        











          Matusyama reacts furiously to tee shot at the Genesis Open... which is so good it hits the flagpole
          
          He holds himself to a high standard 
        











          Eubank Jnr wishes Paris Hilton a happy birthday as pair pose
          
          Boxer and the socialite TV star met up and Chris Jnr wished her many happy returns
        











          G Nev sticks to his guns on Arsenal Fan TV, insisting Wenger deserves respect
          
          Gary Neville has labelled Arsene Wenger a 'giant of the game'
        











          Luiz lays the Smackdown! Chelsea star tackles ChelseaTV presenter and pins him to the ground
          
          Nathan Chabolah was the referee
        











          A Bridge too far: John Terry reveals he's learning Portuguese 
          
          The Chelsea legend is nearing the end of his career at Stamford Bridge
        













          Gift of the Gab: Brazil team-mate Neymar visits stricken Gabriel Jesus after surgery
          
          The Manchester City ace is in Barcelona after breaking his foot
        











          From David Haye's £27m yacht in Miami to Tony Bellew's humble Rotherham gym: How their training camps compare
          
          They're fighting soon
        











How well do YOU know the badges of the big European football clubs? See how many you can guess in our new quiz

          Can you get 20/20?
        











          Pogba brothers Paul and Florentin head out for dinner after Europa League tie
          
          Florentin was even still wearing his half-and-half shirt
        











          He turns off the floodlights - then sleeps at the ground at night! Meet Sutton United's Roly Poly goalie Wayne Shaw
          
          EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
        











          Learning from the best: England boss Southgate checks in on Chelsea training to get table-topping manager Conte's top tips
          
          A great place to learn 
        











          It's 'La Pogbance'! Pogba and his family get into the dancing spirit together... as Roy Keane says it's more than he's spoken to his brother in five years!
          












          Everton's big neigh-t out: Koeman and his players take in evening at the races in break from hectic schedule
          
          The Toffees are currently training in the UAE
        











          City find their smiles - Pep leads his players through training with wide grins all round 
          
          Manchester City have found plenty to smile about in recent weeks
        











          Arsenal star Sanchez cuts glum figure as he jets off on a break after Champions League humiliation
          
          Dejected star walked through Heathrow Airport
        













          Mayweather takes a break from ongoing feud with McGregor to watch LA Clippers beat Atlanta Hawks alongside Mariah Carey
          
          Starry night courtside 
        











          'Hotel life = homework': Cole gets his head down with Chelsea-branded notebooks
          
          Taking steps towards career in scouting
        











          Tottenham star Alli worth £100m according to former Spurs boss Redknapp
          
          But his Valentine's Day gift to girlfriend Ruby Mae was priceless 
        











          Liverpool stars head to training on their bikes as Klopp and his men enjoy winter training trip to Spain 
          
          After a difficult start to 2017, stars have fun 
        











          Scholes believes Rooney will leave Manchester United if he is stuck on the bench 
          
          EXCLUSIVE: Paul Scholes discusses his former club
        











          Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl date bet as she meets Patriots-backing fan
          
          Eugenie Bouchard and the fan went to a basketball game 
        











          Not your average press conference! Bilic and West Ham hold family fun day
          
          The manager was smiling despite his improper conduct charge
        











          Oh Jesus! City star looks glum as he steps out of hotel in protective boot with broken metatarsal threatening to end his season early
          
          It was all going so well 
        











          West Ham fan reveals heartwarming moment manager  Bilic took youngster inside Hammers training ground to meet Carroll
          
          Happy to see idol 
        











          United midfielder Schweinsteiger poses with wife Ana Ivanovic as  Joshua spends Valentine's Day with his... mum
          
          Gushing stars show off 
        











          The Kennys share their baby joy as British Cycling golden couple announce pregnancy 
          
          But what will the arrival of their child mean for their careers? 
        











          Ronaldo splashes the cash on Valentine's Day as he treats his girlfriend during shopping trip
          
          The Real Madrid star did not hold back 
        











          Piece of cake! Di Maria and Cavani mark thrashing of Barcelona with sparkling birthday celebration
          
          The duo were sublime on Tuesday night 
        











          Now that's a selfie! Bolt gathers stars for snap at Laureus awards 
          
          The sprint king brought the winners together for an epic photo
        











          It's meant to be training! Boca Juniors session breaks down into mass brawl 
          
          Juan Insaurralde and Jonathan Silva took issue with one another 
        













          Unbeaten but still working hard! England back to the grind after thrilling Wales win 
          
          The England players were tested with sprinting drills in training 
        











          Jesus that doesn't look good... City's fears confirmed as Brazilian hotshot suffers broken metetarsal
          
          He was spotted limping around on crutches 
        











          My footy Valentine: Fabregas, Gerrard and Neymar lead the way as stars of the beautiful game get loved-up with their other halves
          
          Love is the air... 
        











          Mo funny! Neymar unveils new handlebar moustache (which has his Barcelona team-mates in stitches)
          
          Barca stars pointed and laughed as they trained
        











          Slam dunk! Loftus-Cheek shares video of Chelsea team-mate Luiz pulling off outrageous basketball trickshot
          
          Brazilian played it cool by the pool 
        











          Is Haye going Bonkers in lead-up to fight? Boxer joined by Dizzee Rascall in Miami
          
          Fighter drove a £250,000 Rolls Royce to training camp with the rapper
        











          Tottenham midfielder Winks signs new deal worth £25,000-a-week until 2022... just five months after signing his previous contract
          
          Another pay rise... 
        











          Everton enjoy first training session of warm-weather training in Dubai... but Lukaku isn't there
          
          Striker's absence did not appear to dampen spirits.
        











          Pep shows his class as he wishes Arter 'all the best' after loss of his baby daughter
          
          Bournemouth midfielder's wife is now pregnant again
        











          Chelsea monitoring Luiz's knee injury as star worries fans with hospital post 
          
          David Luiz posted picture of him dressed as a doctor for comic reliefS
        











          Downtime for De Gea ahead of Europa return
          
          United goalkeeper  enjoys day out in Manchester with his fiancee Edurne Garcia before  St Etienne clash
        











          Terry continues family skills series as son Georgie joins in with daughter Summer
          
          Terry has again been filmed showcasing his family's skills
        











          Neville keeps his word as he appears on Arsenal Fan TV after previously calling cult YouTube show 'embarrassing' 
          
          Over 'idiot' fan comment 
        











          'Cheap, hurtful and cowardly' 
          
          Former Arsenal man Diaby hits back at comedian for his joke at the expense of disabled Marseille fan
        











          Star worry! Ronaldo misses Real training with minor knock
          
          Real Madrid added the finishing touches to preparations for Napoli without their talisman
        











          Everton squad fly out to Dubai for warm-weather training camp as club enjoy break from competitive action
          
          FA Cup failure has led to time away 
        











          Van der Westhuizen's son pens emotional tribute letter after losing father to motor neurone disease 
          
          Heart-rending letter also reveals love of Liverpool 
        











          Williams hangs out with South African cricket stars Amla, Tahir and Parnell
          
          'Always good catching up with the brothers when in town' 
        











          Real  full back Danilo shows off gruesome wounds after Garcia's accidental stamp
          
          Challenge forced him to be taken off during 3-1 win at Osasuna
        











          Sunderland striker  Defoe named 2016 Player of the Year at North East Football Writers Awards
          
          Forward has been key for Black Cats 
        











          LeBron James, Serena Williams and Kevin Durant star in Nike's new Equality film
          
          'Worth should outshine colour' is the simple but important message
        











          Liverpool stars   enjoy night out to see Brazilian singer as they celebrate Spurs win
          
          Moreno, Coutinho, Firmino and Lucas all headed out to concert 
        











          Liverpool starlet Alexander-Arnold lucky to avoid red after scrap during U23 encounter with Huddersfield
          
          Opposing player saw red after brawl 
        











          Pogba and Ibrahimovic surprise Manchester United fan suffering from cerebral palsy
          
          Youngster could hardly contain his delight as he met two of his heroes
        











          Rooney heads out to Drake concert with wife Coleen after  United forward was left on bench against Watford
          
          Striker heads out to see Canadian rapper 
        











          Sharapova works up a sweat at the gym after receiving invitation to play in Madrid Open
          
          Star was working on her balance as she gears up for her comeback
        











          Thiago is one of Pep's favourites and the one who wants to knock Arsenal out of the Champions League
          
          EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
        











          South Africa pays tribute to Van der Westhuizen as team-mate Pienaar labels him 'rock star' at ceremony 
          
          World Cup winner died on Monday 
        











          Bolt and All Stars complete clean sweep at Nitro Athletics 
          
          The sprint king sat on the throne again during the inaugural edition of the competition 
        











          Like father like daughter! Terry shows off silky one-touch skills in volleying game
          
          They say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
        











          Haye plays volleyball and looks ripped in the gym as he prepares for Bellew bout
          
          David Haye is preparing for his bout with Tony Bellew in Miami, Florida
        











          Jesus feeds the multitude as star takes City team-mates to Bem Brasil restaurant
          
          Gabriel Jesus has scored three goals in his first four matches 
        











          'At 15, I did not know where I'd eat or sleep... that still drives me'
          
          EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Antonio Valencia opens on his rise to United stardom
        











          Messi puts pen to paper... but it's not a new Barcelona deal 
          
          While he works out terms with Barcelona, Messi has committed to boot manufacturer adidas
        











 



If the football's on, it's on







Live tables

Fixtures

Scores






Premier League
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Div 1
Scottish Div 2
Scottish Div 3
Ligue 1
Serie A
La Liga
Bundesliga








More tables







More fixtures








More scores









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Barcelona 2-1 Leganes: Lionel Messi scores last-gasp penalty against impressive visitors as Catalan giants...





'Chelsea can afford to pay more attention to FA Cup quarter-final than Manchester United': Jose Mourinho...





Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter final as Manchester United draw Chelsea





Marcus Rashford back among the goals after barren spell as Manchester United youngster stakes a claim for...





Former Australia lock Dan Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37





Blackburn Rovers 1-2 Manchester United: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to fire Jose Mourinho's side...





Manchester United name £192m bench against Blackburn Rovers - the most expensive in FA Cup history





Jose Mourinho praises attitude of Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic as subs make difference against...





Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to work on even if he leaves the club he helped to build... and PSG...





Tottenham Hotspur's trophy drought is longer than Arsenal's infamous run - the FA Cup could be what Mauricio...





Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino focused on 'final' against Gent after side shows no signs of fatigue in...





Blackburn fans protest against owners before Jose Mourinho applauds their opener and Jake Humphrey struggles...





Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus on the road to recovery after successful operation on fractured...





Arsenal icon Thierry Henry defends Arsene Wenger and blames stars for Bayern Munich loss: 'The players need...





Mesut Ozil can't produce when it matters, insists Graeme Souness: 'The German is Arsenal in a nutshell'





Sutton United v Arsenal: As £173m of talent with over 400 international caps descends on Gander Green Lane,...





Fulham 0-3 Tottenham Hotspur: Harry Kane hat-trick secures a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals





Danny Rose's brother facing lengthy ban after Newport defender angrily knocked red card out of referee's...





Bayern Munich boss Carlo Ancelotti admits swearing at Hertha Berlin fans but says gesture was in response to...





Royston Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap and why he left Jose Mourinho 'p****d off' at Real...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to work on even if he leaves the club he helped to build... and PSG may provide an appropriate escape route
            



 
            Blackburn 1-2 Manchester United, FA Cup RESULT: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off bench to set up sixth round draw against Chelsea
            



 
            David Bentley was hot property after hitting a hat-trick against Manchester United, only to quit at 29... now the former Blackburn hero fears football no longer has a place for mavericks
            



 
            England legend Kelly Smith reveals she has married her same-sex partner: 'It’s taken 38 years to talk about this...'
            



 
            Paul Pogba was a snip at £89m, insists Jose Mourinho as Manchester United boss predicts record transfer fee will be broken this summer
            



 
            Roger Federer shows off Australian Open trophy on top of a mountain as he takes his tennis to new heights
            



 
            Blackburn Rovers 1-2 Manchester United: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to fire Jose Mourinho's side into the FA Cup quarter-finals
            



 
            Lincoln will travel to either Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup quarter final as Manchester United draw Chelsea
            



 
            Jose Mourinho could be forced to put rookie stopper Dean Henderson on bench against Blackburn in FA Cup after knock to David de Gea
            



 
            Mario Balotelli sees red for the THIRD time in his short Nice career after his manager tells him: 'Do not get sent off'
            



 
            Jose Mourinho insists Luke Shaw will not be jettisoned by Manchester United this summer  
            



 
            Blackburn fans protest against owners before Jose Mourinho applauds their opener and Jake Humphrey struggles with a door: Six things you missed as Manchester United beat Rovers
            



 
            Manchester United stars arrive at the Lowry hotel ahead of FA Cup fifth-round clash with Blackburn 
            



 
            Former Australia lock Dan Vickerman dies at his home in Sydney aged 37
            



 
            Fulham 0-3 Tottenham, FA Cup RESULT: Harry Kane hat-trick fires Spurs into quarter-finals
            



 
            'Chelsea can afford to pay more attention to FA Cup quarter-final than Manchester United': Jose Mourinho starts mind games after ex-club draw
            



 
            Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez happy to be back in training after Bayern Munich frustration and Spain tax fraud case while Arsene Wenger looks concerned ahead of Sutton United tie
            



 
            Want your footballers to be 'normal'? Well, just ask Troy Deeney... imagine a night out turns sour and you're only in the news because you're famous
            



 
            Royston Drenthe reveals why he quit football for rap and why he left Jose Mourinho 'p****d off' at Real Madrid after going on strike in a loan spell
            



 
            Barcelona 2-1 Leganes La Liga RESULT: Lionel Messi saves his side with last-gasp penalty after minnows drew level through substitute Unai Lopez
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL















Want a Date?
Join Match.com Now for Free!



more


















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more









































	SHARE PICTURE
      














Copy link to paste in your message












































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 




















