












 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHello (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch List Wish List All Lists Purchase History Selling My Collections Followed Searches MessagesCollect & Spend  Learn moreNotification   











 



Back to home page



|Listed in category: 






Clothes, Shoes & Accessories
>
Kids' Clothes, Shoes & Accs.
>
Girls' Accessories
>
Hair Accessories










































People who viewed this item also viewedGirls my little pony bow hair bobbles£2.00Handmade Girl UK England Union Jack Flag ribbon Hair Bow Alligator Clip Bobbles£1.30+ £8.67New Girls Hair Bobbles Bubbles And Bows£1.00Girls Teletubbies bow hair bobbles£2.00SPONSOREDBLACK PVC SHINY LEATHER LOOK 3 INCH HAIR BOW ELASTIC HEADBAND BABY GIRLS NEW£2.75+ £2.50



Picture Information







Free P&P














Image not available
Photos not available for this variation
















Mouse over to zoom-Click to enlarge













X









































































































Have one to sell?


Sell it yourself








Details about   Girls Arsenal bow hair bobbles not a genuine football item



 


1 viewed per hour






Girls Arsenal bow hair bobbles not a genuine football item







Email to friends
Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab
Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab
Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab






|

Add to Watch list












							Seller information


 sophkala

	            (227
)

100% Positive Feedback








Follow this seller




See other items


More...
See all



sophkala has no other items for sale.











Item information




		Condition:
New without tags







Time left:



d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours



Time left:

												7d 18h 



(27 Feb, 2017
16:56:24 GMT)










 



Price:

£2.00


















 
 



									Add to basket





 






 





Add to Watch list
Watching




Watch list is full






Add to collection




 
 



 



100% positive Feedback









Collect 2 Nectar points 
Get Started | Conditionsfor uk nectar points - opens in a new window or tab


















No additional import charges on delivery.

						This item will be sent through the Global Shipping Programme and includes international tracking. Learn more- opens in a new window or tab




Postage:



				May not post to  United States
- 
			Read item description or contact seller for postage options. | 

 See details 







 



	Item location:
Durham, United Kingdom






 



Posts to: 


			United Kingdom







Import charges:



		
				 (amount confirmed at checkout) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for delivery - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab





Delivery:




Varies





	Payments:




Processed by PayPal

 | 
See payment information



International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab

International postage and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
Any international postage and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
Any international postage is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab





Returns:




No returns accepted







Protection:




Money Back Guarantee
Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee
 | See details - opens in a new window or tab




 












 






Report item - opens in a new window or tab


Description
Postage and payments







	eBay item number:132078566940


	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.


Item specifics



									 			Condition:




															
															
																New without tags: A brand-new, unused and unworn item that is not in its original retail packaging or may be missing 

																			its original retail packaging materials (such as the original box or bag). The original tags may not be attached. For example, new shoes (with absolutely no signs of wear) that are no longer in their original box fall into this category.
																					See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab



																			... Read moreabout the condition





									 			Type: 

Hair bobbles














Questions and answers about this item



		No questions or answers have been posted about this item.

Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab










	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.








												Postage and packaging



									The seller hasn't specified a postage method to  United States. Contact the seller- opens in a new window or tab and request post to your location.


									Postage cost can't be calculated. Please enter a valid postcode.



 

Item location: Durham, United Kingdom



			Postage to: United Kingdom










Change country:

-Select-
United Kingdom


There are 1 items available. Please enter a number less than or equal to 1.
Select a valid country.




Postcode:



Please enter a valid postcode.
Please enter up to 7 characters for the postcode





















								Domestic dispatch time






Will usually dispatch within 2 working days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab.


















				Returns policy




Return policy details





								The seller won't accept returns for this item.
Sellers may be required to accept returns for items that are not as described. Learn more about your rights as a buyer. - opens in a new window or tab













Payment details




Payment method
Preferred/Accepted
 











																Accepted


															 











 














Current bid amount 








+





+ import charges (shown at checkout)



time left
##2## left
|
Bid count 





















Your high bid amount:






















Your bid amount:




Calculating import charges...
+ import charges (shown at checkout)





									Confirm











 



Place your bid
Help button. Click to expand the details about Quick bid?


Consider bidding the highest amount you're willing to pay. We'll bid for you, just enough to keep you in the lead. We'll keep your high bid amount hidden from everyone else.
See moreButtonClick to expand the details about Quick bid


																				Here's how bidding works:

If the current bid is $20, and you bid $30, we bid $21 for you.
If no one else bids, you win and pay £21.
If someone else bids $31, we bid for you up to your max. of $30.

















Approx.












Approx.












Approx.













or







Really want to win? Try raising your high bid amount.


















									Bid






















By submitting your bid, you'll be contractually committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.
By submitting your bid, you're committing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. You've read and agree to the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 
By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.
By clicking Confirm, you're committing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase your maximum bid amount.











Loading...




Bid layer is updating the contents.
Resume bidding, if the page doesn't update immediately.



d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
Free P&P
See item description
+ See item description for postage
Calculate
Approximately:
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your maximum bid:
You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.
You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.
You're the highest bidder on this item.
You're the first bidder on this item.
Although you're the highest bidder on this item, you're close to being outbid.
This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
Although you're the high bidder on this item, the reserve price hasn't been met yet.
You've been outbid by someone else.
You can still win! Try bidding again.
You've been outbid by someone else's max. bid.
You can still win. Try bidding again.
Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.
Try raising your max. bid.
You're the highest bidder.
To increase your chances of winning, try raising your bid.
You're the first bidder. Good luck.
You're still the highest bidder.
You increased your max. bid to 
Please enter your bid again.
Enter a valid amount for your bid.
Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.
You have to bid at least 
Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy it now price. You can save time and money by buying it now.
Submit bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
Increase maximum bid
Enter a custom max. bid more than ##2##
Enter a custom max. bid of ##2## or more
+ ##2## approximate import charges
##2## (approximately)
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
+ ##2## for postage
+ FREE POSTAGE
Bid ##3## now
Bid ##3##


























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:


















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you are agreeing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congratulations The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the highest bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the highest bidder, but the reserve price has not been met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.

































Back to home page



Return to top




















Girls Arsenal bow hair bobbles not a genuine football i...
Girls Arsenal bow hair bobbles not a genuine football i...


New without tags,















									Buy it now





							 								Add to Watch list


							 									Added to your Watch list














More to explore:
Bow Hair Accessories for Girls,
Red Bow Hair Accessories for Girls,
Baby Hair Bows,
Unbranded Baby Hair Bows,
Handmade Baby Hair Bows,
Butterfly Baby Hair Bows

























Click to enlarge








Additional site navigation
		About eBay
		Announcements
		Community
		Safety Centre
		Resolution Centre
		Seller Centre
		Partner Centre
		VeRO: Protecting Intellectual Property
		Policies
		Help & Contact
		Site MapCopyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice




