








X



Edition:

United Kingdom
























Business



Business Home
Deals
Aerospace & Defence
Autos


Banks
Central Banks
Reuters Summits
Business Video







Markets



Markets Home
UK Markets
European Markets
Market Analysis


Global Market Data
Stocks
Earnings
FXpert


Currencies
Commodities
Funds





World



World Home
Special Reports
Reuters Investigates
Euro Zone


Germany
France
U.S.
China


Middle East
Africa
Russia
India


Japan
World Video





UK



UK Home
Politics
Economy





Tech



Technology Home
Science
Tech Video
Innovation







Money



Money Home
Analyst Research
Stock Screener
Fund Screener







Commentary



Commentary Home





Breakingviews



Breakingviews Home





Sport



Sport Home
Football
Formula One
Tennis


Cricket
Golf
Rugby Union
Sport Video







Life



Lifestyle Home
Health
Environment
Entertainment


Arts
Oddly Enough
Lifestyle Video
Entertainment Video


Environment Video







Pictures




Pictures Home
The Wider Image
Photographers
Focus 360









Video















            Duterte accuses U.S. of building 'permanent' arsenal in Philippines











Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States


















World News
|
Sun Jan 29, 2017 | 6:58pm GMT

Duterte accuses U.S. of building 'permanent' arsenal in Philippines













                                	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte speaks before soldiers during a visit at a military camp in Awang, Maguindanao in southern Philippines January 27, 2017. 
                                	
                                		REUTERS/Marconi Navales






By Martin Petty
| MANILA

MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond by scrapping a security treaty between them.Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. troop presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which he said was a dangerous breach of a defence deal between them. "They're unloading arms in the Philippines now ... I'm serving notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I will not allow it," Duterte told a televised news conference."Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It's a permanent structure to house arms."He added: "I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile) now, that they are unloading."His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two longtime allies. 
If U.S. arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he would consider a review of treaties "and maybe ultimately abrogate, since it is an executive order."EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of U.S. ships, aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security operations.Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be honoured, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his election was one of Washington's most crucial Asian alliances.He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing's claims to the South China Sea.
Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a stunning about-face in Manila's foreign policy, he has put the arbitration award on the back burner. He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its actions could put the Philippines in "extreme danger" because of the posturing between the United States and China."You are egging us ... egging us (on) to force the issue of arbitral judgment," he said, referring to the United States.
"The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions," he said, referring to its naval patrols. "A depot would serve as a supply line."Duterte said he had an "urgent" message to China, asking it to help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be discussed with China when the time was right. "I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard," he said. (Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Stephen Powell)





Next In  World News 







Iraq launches offensive on last Islamic State stronghold in Mosul
BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq U.S.-backed Iraqi forces on Sunday launched a ground offensive to dislodge Islamic State militants from the western part of the city of Mosul, and put an end to their ambitions for territorial rule in Iraq.







Islamic State posts video of man it says was Egypt church bomber
CAIRO Islamic State published a video on Sunday threatening Egyptian Christians and showing the last statement of a man it said was responsible for the deadly bombing in December of a Coptic cathedral in Cairo.







U.S. senators look to new sanctions against Iran for missile development
MUNICH U.S. Republican senators plan to introduce legislation to impose further sanctions on Iran, accusing it of violating U.N. Security Council resolutions by testing ballistic missiles and acting to "destabilise" the Middle East, a U.S. senator said Sunday.











MORE FROM REUTERS









Sponsored Content





From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent











                                Trending Stories







                                Sponsored Topics




X










Follow Reuters: 

Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us On Facebook
RSS
Follow Us On LinkedIn

Subscribe: 
Newsletters | Apps




Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products:



Eikon
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
        




Elektron
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
      




World-Check
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
      




Westlaw
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology
      




ONESOURCE
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs 
      




CHECKPOINT
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
      



 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. 





Site Feedback
Corrections
 Advertising Guidelines
Cookies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy




















