
































Reuters


Menu
Search



|




Menu
Close


Search
Close






        Edition:
        United States

Africa
América Latina
عربي
Argentina
Brasil
Canada
中国
Deutschland
España
France
India
Italia
日本
México
РОССИЯ
United Kingdom
United States





Top News






Business


 ADventures

 Legal

 Deals

 Aerospace & Defense

 Finance

 Autos

 Data Dive




Markets


 Stocks

 Bonds

 Currencies

 Commodities

 Funds

 Earnings




World


 U.S

 Special Reports

 Reuters Investigates

 Euro Zone

 Middle East

 China

 Japan

 Mexico

 Brazil

 Africa

 Russia

 India




Politics


 Polling Explorer

 What Voters Want

 Supreme Court




Technology


 Science

 Environment

 Top 100 Innovators 2015




Commentary


Breakingviews


Money


 Retirement




Life


 Health

 Sports

 Arts

 Entertainment

 Oddly Enough




Pictures


 The Wider Image

 Photographers

 Focus 360




Video


 Top News

 Most Popular

 Business

 Editor's Choice

 First Images

 World

 Brand News

 Technology

 Entertainment

 Oddly Enough

 Breakingviews

 Politics

 Investigates

 Dateline Asia










X








X














				Sun Jan 29, 2017 | 10:30 PM EST
Duterte accuses U.S. of building 'permanent' arsenal in Philippines



















									Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures while speaking during a late night news conference at the presidential palace in Manila, Philippines January 29, 2017. 


                    	Reuters/Ezra Acayan











By Martin Petty
 | 
MANILA

MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond by scrapping a security treaty between them.


Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. troop presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which he said was a dangerous breach of a defense deal between them. 


"They're unloading arms in the Philippines now ... I'm serving notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I will not allow it," Duterte told a televised news conference.


"Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It's a permanent structure to house arms."


He added: "I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile) now, that they are unloading."


His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two longtime allies. 



If U.S. arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he would consider a review of treaties "and maybe ultimately abrogate, since it is an executive order."


EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of U.S. ships, aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security operations.


Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be honored, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his election was one of Washington's most crucial Asian alliances.


He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing's claims to the South China Sea.



Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a stunning about-face in Manila's foreign policy, he has put the arbitration award on the back burner. 


He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its actions could put the Philippines in "extreme danger" because of the posturing between the United States and China.


"You are egging us ... egging us (on) to force the issue of arbitral judgment," he said, referring to the United States.



"The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions," he said, referring to its naval patrols. "A depot would serve as a supply line."


Duterte said he had an "urgent" message to China, asking it to help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.


He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be discussed with China when the time was right. 


"I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard," he said.



 (Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Stephen Powell)





ADVERTISEMENT









NEXT IN ${channelName}




Trump, South Korea's Hwang agree to strengthen defenses against North Korea: White House









						Trending Stories













SPONSORED STORIES








SPONSORED CONTENT













Follow Reuters: 
Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us On Facebook
Follow Us On LinkedIn
Follow Us Via RSS


Subscribe:  Newsletters | Apps


Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms.
*All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.



Feedback | Site Index |  Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | Cookies  | Careers



















