









































					20-Feb-2017 | 06:07 AM				






   


Home
About Us
TNAV
Weather
Special Feature























Follow @interaksyon
















NATIONAL
WORLD
BUSINESS
SPORTS5
INFOTEK
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
OPINION
MOTORING















































TODAY'S HEADLINES




PH army to create task force to chase big drug syndicates
19-Feb-17, 3:16 PM | Reuters




WATCH | Duterte implores military to help protect the public from lawlessness
18-Feb-17, 11:04 PM | Thom Andrade, InterAksyon




US carrier group patrols in tense South China Sea
19-Feb-17, 12:11 PM | Reuters




McCain: How to get started as a dictator? Suppress free press.
19-Feb-17, 5:35 PM | Reuters




Drop raps vs de Lima - HRW; no political persecution in her case - Aguirre
19-Feb-17, 1:49 PM | InterAksyon.com | With reports from PNA, JV Arcena, News5




BSP chief conferred Oustanding Achievement Award by HK's FinanceAsia
20-Feb-17, 5:40 AM | InterAksyon.com




Another OFW sentenced to death in UAE - Villar
19-Feb-17, 1:16 PM | Ernie Reyes, InterAksyon.com




















 
 National
Duterte: US building 'permanent' arsenal in country

						By: Martin Petty, Reuters
						January 30, 2017 11:41 AM					
 






			President Rodrigo Duterte at a late night news conference in Malacanang. (photo by Ezra Acayan, Reuters)

		
 



 





Tweet


 

InterAksyon.comThe online news portal of TV5
MANILA, Philippines -- President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond by scrapping a security treaty between them.
Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the US troop presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which he said was a dangerous breach of a defense deal between them.
"They're unloading arms in the Philippines now ... I'm serving notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I will not allow it," Duterte told a televised news conference.
"Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It's a permanent structure to house arms."
He added: "I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile) now, that they are unloading."
His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement between the two longtime allies.
If US arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he would consider a review of treaties "and maybe ultimately abrogate, since it is an executive order."
EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of US ships, aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security operations.
Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be honored, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his election was one of Washington's most crucial Asian alliances.
He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing's claims to the South China Sea.
Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a stunning about-face in Manila's foreign policy, he has put the arbitration award on the back burner.
He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its actions could put the Philippines in "extreme danger" because of the posturing between the United States and China.
"You are egging us ... egging us (on) to force the issue of arbitral judgment," he said, referring to the United States.
"The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions," he said, referring to its naval patrols. "A depot would serve as a supply line."
Duterte said he had an "urgent" message to China, asking it to help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.
He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be discussed with China when the time was right.
"I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard," he said.
 
 









 


 




Tweet


 


advertisement











 
 

 

















OTHER NATIONAL STORIES 




ASEAN fast-tracking Code of Conduct on South China Sea - DFA

49 persons hurt as fastcraft hits barge at Mactan Channel

De Lima pals, foes on alert for arrest warrant; DOJ to seek HDO vs senator

PH army to create task force to chase big drug syndicates

Drop raps vs de Lima - HRW; no political persecution in her case - Aguirre





BREAKING NEWS




BSP chief conferred Oustanding Achievement Award by HK's FinanceAsia

Trump should help kick 'Russia's ass': senator

Trump refers to non-existent Sweden terror incident

ASEAN fast-tracking Code of Conduct on South China Sea - DFA

49 persons hurt as fastcraft hits barge at Mactan Channel

De Lima pals, foes on alert for arrest warrant; DOJ to seek HDO vs senator

McCain: How to get started as a dictator? Suppress free press.

PH army to create task force to chase big drug syndicates

Drop raps vs de Lima - HRW; no political persecution in her case - Aguirre

Another OFW sentenced to death in UAE - Villar

US carrier group patrols in tense South China Sea

CPP dangles release of 6 captives ahead of Feb. 22-27 bilateral cease-fire negotiations

With copper exports halted by new mining rules row, Freeport Indonesia CEO quits

MILESTONES | The Philippines and ASEAN

Cloudiness, some rain likely till Sunday
 





 

 





 






	 
	



www.interaksyon.com



NATIONAL
WORLD
BUSINESS
SPORTS5
INFOTEK
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
OPINION
SPECIAL FEATURES


Copyright InterAksyon.com - All rights reserved.


 

Home
National
World
Business
Sports5

Basketball
Boxing
Football
Billiards
MMA
More Sports
The Fix
Photos


Infotek

Tech News
ICT Updates
Gadgets
Videos
Columns


Entertainment
Lifestyle

Arts & Culture
Fashion & Beauty
Wellness
Food
Shopping & Stepping out
Travel
Family & Faith
Youth
Home & Garden
Events
Videos


Opinion
Motoring

Motoring News
MotorSports
Showroom
Columns 

Special Feature
TNAV

 
















