








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		30Jan							


Arsenal v Watford – BBC Sport


by earnedgy in BBC
No Comments »






 



Theo Walcott returned from an injury lay-off with a hat-trick at the weekend

TEAM NEWS
Arsenal forward Theo Walcott could make his first league appearance for six weeks after scoring a hat-trick on his comeback from a calf problem in the FA Cup win at Southampton.
Danny Welbeck is unlikely to be risked from the start, while Granit Xhaka is still suspended.
Watford could give debuts to Mauro Zarate and M’Baye Niang, while Valon Behrami may be fit after a back injury. 
Costel Pantilimon has an ankle injury and Jose Holebas is serving a ban.
MOTD COMMENTATOR’S NOTES
Jonathan Pearce: “Going by FA Cup form, this should be a comfortable sixth successive home league win for Arsenal. 
“They haven’t conceded from open play in their last seven top-flight matches at the Emirates and Watford will need to be much improved to threaten.
“Watford’s new signings M’Baye Niang and Mauro Zarate can sparkle on their day but are they the right sort of player to untangle the Hornets from a relegation web? 
“They’re in peril. Seven games without a league win. No midweek Premier victory since April 2007. Too many team changes. 
“Arsenal have often left it late this season and might have to do so again. But they must win.”
WHAT THE MANAGERS SAY
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger on the strength of his squad: “I believe that number-wise and quality-wise, we have what is required to do well.
“We are not in need of buying. On a general front it has been very quiet [in the transfer window]. That shows that there are not many players available who can strengthen English teams.
“It also shows that all the teams in England, especially the big teams, have big squads. That’s why not a lot happened.”
Watford head coach Walter Mazzarri: “We still miss some players, this is why we have to change formation. 
“Now we have 16 games and I want a team that for 16 games fights for every ball and helps us move up the table.”

It is the best current run in the division

MATCH FACTS
Head-to-head

Arsenal have won their last seven league matches against Watford, scoring 19 goals.
However, Watford beat the Gunners 2-1 at the Emirates in last season’s FA Cup quarter-final tie.
Their last top-flight win against Arsenal was by 1-0 at Highbury in April 1988.

Arsenal

The Gunners have won five successive home matches in the Premier League and are unbeaten in 10 at the Emirates Stadium since losing to Liverpool on the opening weekend of the season.
Arsenal have gone seven home league matches in a row without conceding a goal from open play – all four goals against them in that period have been penalties. 
They have scored an unrivalled six goals in the 90th minute or stoppage time this season, and have also managed a league-high 12 goals in the 80th minute or later.
Alexis Sanchez has scored in all three of his Premier League appearances against Watford. 

Watford

Watford are enduring a seven-game winless run in the Premier League (D3, L4). They failed to score in four of those games.
However, they did end a run of five consecutive away league defeats by drawing at Bournemouth last time out.
The Hornets haven’t won a non-weekend Premier League fixture in 12 attempts since beating Portsmouth 4-2 in April 2007 (D2, L10).
They could go winless in their opening five league matches of a calendar year for the first time since 2002, when they were in the second tier.
Heurelho Gomes has conceded 23 goals in eight Premier League games against Arsenal, nine more than any other team he has faced.





SAM’s verdict




Most probable score: 2-0
Probability of draw: 14%


Probability of home win: 80%
Probability of away win: 6%




SAM (Sports Analytics Machine) is a super-computer created by @ProfIanMcHale at the University of Salford that is used to predict the outcome of football matches.


Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



