













Just Arsenal News
Arsenal Transfer News & Rumours | Arsenal FC Team news


Main Menu
Skip to content

HomeArsenal Offers
Just Arsenal Blogs
Privacy Notice
Contact

About us


LIVE SCORES
Arsenal Injuries
Arsenal links





Join The Discussion, REGISTER or LOGIN to post a comment.














 Arsenal News 24/7 



 



Top Blog Partners 



 
  Tweets by @JustArsenal


 



 



  Posted on
          January 30, 2017          by ADMIN
                             


Arsenal and Spurs only challengers to Chelsea for the title?


This is a massive week in the race for the Premier League Title, with Chelsea travelling to Liverpool tomorrow night and then Arsenal visiting Stamford Bridge on Saturday where the Gunners will face the ultimate test of their credentials.
According to the ex-Man United pundit Rio Ferdinand, Liverpool have no real hope of winning the title, and he believes that there are only two other clubs capable of overtaking the Blues. He wrote: “There are ways of getting at Chelsea. There’s space behind their wing-backs. But they have the know-how to get a result at Anfield,”
‘If Liverpool don’t win, they’re out of the title race – though in reality I see Arsenal and Tottenham as the only clubs capable of overhauling Chelsea.
‘Liverpool, Manchester United and Manchester City are fighting it out below them. The title race is a matter for London. Fourth place is a battle for the northwest.”
The three London clubs are all in fine form at the moment, while Liverpool and Manchester City seem to be in a slump. Is it possible that Chelsea could have a sudden drop in form as well to give Arsenal a chance to make up the points? The only way I can see it happening is if we win convincingly next weekend and put some pressure on them.
Is anyone feeling confident of a win at Stamford Bridge?
Admin
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal News, Arsenal NewsNow on January 30, 2017 by Admin.						











 



Post navigation
← Will Elneny injury prompt late Arsenal signing?
Welbeck won’t play so who will be Arsenal’s front 3 against Watford? →

 

 


			5 thoughts on “Arsenal and Spurs only challengers to Chelsea for the title?”		




PRINCE AFZ January 30, 2017 at 10:11 am 

Lets beat Watford first then we can talk about beating Chelsea.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  33  0 







Nwaneri January 30, 2017 at 10:27 am 

Watford first.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  24  0 







Jansen January 30, 2017 at 1:21 pm 

Let’s assume we beat Watford (which is not a given if you consider our difficulty putting a meaningful winning streak together).
We need to beat Chelsea, no questions asked, if we want to put any pressure on Chelsea.
Liverpool are in a tough period but let’s hope they take two points of Chelsea by at least managing a draw.  A defeat to Arsenal following a Liverpool draw would reduce the gap to 4 points.  Still a big gap but a lot less comfortable than the current 8 point gap.  Confidence at Chelsea will have been shaken as well if their lead is cut in half inside two games.
For me much more difficult to predict is the chasing pack, Arsenal, Spurs, Liverpool and City are all within 4 points.  All these teams have had difficult periods and none of them have been consistent.  For me, neither of the current nr 2 – nr 5 teams are assured of a top 4 finish.  Too many important games to remain and 4 points is a small gap to close.
My motivation to keep winning would be fueled more by keeping Spurs, Liverpool and City behind us than by a realistic hope to gain 9 points on Chelsea for a theoretical PL title, despite the fact this is possible.
Rate this comment:  10  2 







Onochie January 30, 2017 at 4:43 pm 

Please can you leave chelsea alone,does it mean that Watford game is a walk in the park? I don’t understand some fans sometimes
Rate this comment:  2  0 







Koss January 30, 2017 at 4:43 pm 

i believe we will beat watford and get a reruslt against chelsea though am under the influence of vodka ATM. COYG
Rate this comment:  3  3 





Comments are closed.
 


 




 


 



Search JustArsenal,com

Search for:



Recent CommentsNY_Gunner on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Wayne Barker on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Impenia on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?hecmanx on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?RSH on FOUR changes Arsenal desperately need after Munich disaster…. 





Friendly Sites

Barcelona News
Football News and rumours
LIVE SCORES
Man United News
Real Madrid News


 



Polls



Do you want Thieet Henry to manage Arsenal one day?
 Yes
 No
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 












Custom WordPress theme & web design by Arena DM













