

























Military & Defense























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Duterte accuses US of possibly stationing nukes, building 'permanent' bases in Philippines












Martin Petty, Reuters






Jan. 29, 2017,  3:02 PM



3,259




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Presidential
  candidate Rodrigo "Digong" Duterte.
Erik De Castro/Reuters




  MANILA — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United
  States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building
  permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond
  by scrapping a security treaty between them.


  Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. troop
  presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons
  into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which
  he said was a dangerous breach of a defense deal between them.


  "They're unloading arms in the Philippines now ... I'm serving
  notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I
  will not allow it," Duterte told a televised news conference.


  "Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no
  permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It's
  a permanent structure to house arms."


  He added: "I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile)
  now, that they are unloading."





Members
  of the Philippine Navy take part in a parade during the 80th
  founding anniversary of the Armed Forces of the Philippines held
  inside Clark Air Base, formerly a U.S. base, in Angeles city,
  Pampanga province, north of Manila December 21,
  2015.
Romeo
  Ranoco/Reuters




  His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to
  build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014
  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two
  longtime allies.


  If U.S. arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he
  would consider a review of treaties "and maybe ultimately
  abrogate, since it is an executive order."


  EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of U.S. ships,
  aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as
  the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security
  operations.


  Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with
  the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be
  honored, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his
  election was one of Washington's most crucial Asian alliances.


  He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines
  to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of
  Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing's
  claims to the South China Sea.


  Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties
  and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a
  stunning about-face in Manila's foreign policy, he has put the
  arbitration award on the back burner.





Philippines
  citizens have protested the election of US President Donald
  Trump.

Bullit
  Marquez/Associated Press





  He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its
  actions could put the Philippines in "extreme danger" because of
  the posturing between the United States and China.


  "You are egging us ... egging us (on) to force the issue of
  arbitral judgment," he said, referring to the United States.


  "The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions,"
  he said, referring to its naval patrols. "A depot would serve as
  a supply line."


  Duterte said he had an "urgent" message to China, asking it to
  help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could
  fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.


  He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be
  discussed with China when the time was right.


  "I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn
  commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my
  term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard," he
  said.


Read the original article on Reuters.  Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. 
More from Reuters:


The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork


Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL)


Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode


U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House


Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power





SEE ALSO: 14,900 nukes: All the nations armed with atomic weapons and how many they have

DON'T MISS: Trump's call for a nuclear 'arms race' is the most dangerous thing he's said yet




NOW WATCH: Philippines President Duterte: 'Mr. Obama, you can go to hell'







Loading video...








            More:

                                                        Reuters
Rodrigo Duterte
Nuclear Weapons
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Duterte accuses US of possibly stationing nukes, building 'permanent' bases in Philippines
Duterte accuses US of possibly stationing nukes, building 'permanent' bases in Philippines

MANILA — Philippine President Rodrigo...



















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job


More "Idea Factory" » 






We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines


More "BI Innovations" » 




 





Military & Defense Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSIDINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 














































