








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		30Jan							


Picking the Best Potential Arsenal Lineup to Face Watford on Tuesday


by earnedgy in 90mins
No Comments »






 



Arsenal head into the Watford game in majestic form, still undefeated in 2017, and appear to be strong contenders for the Premier League title.​​Arsene Wenger is likely to rotate the squad that triumphed over Southampton on Saturday evening 5-0. With big players returning from injury, and the team selection getting harder for Wenger, the players will be fighting to cement their place in the starting eleven.​


Goalkeeper




Cech33


Despite a good performance form David Ospina against Southampton on Saturday evening, Petr Cech is favourite to resume his duties between the sticks in the league.​


Defence




Bellerin24


Koscielny6


Mustafi20


Monreal18


Speed merchant Hector Bellerin is set to reclaim his place at left-back, while Monreal is favourite over Englishman Kieran Gibbs.​​Despite the return of German international Per Mertasacker, the regular Arsenal centre back duo of Koscielny and Mustafi will surely play alongside each other against the Hornets.


Midfield
In the middle of the park for Arsenal, Its likely Alex Oxlade-Chamberlin will play alongside French teammate Coquelin. With the absence of Granit Xhaka and Welshman Aaron Ramsey under-performing, is this the time for the Ox to stamp his authority on the team? ​​After his performance on Saturday, it most definitely looks like the Ox prefers the central role.​​Despite hat-trick hero Theo Walcott bagging himself three goals and the Man of the Match award against the Saints, it’s likely young Alex Iwobi will return on the wing. Alexis Sanchez, who is the league’s top goal scorer, will start on the other side.​​Mesut Ozil, who was rested last game for the Gunners, will return to the starting eleven against Watford.​


Forwards




Welbeck23


Danny Welbeck, who scored two goals for the Gunners on Saturday evening, will be battling it out against Frenchman Oliver Giroud for the striker’s position.
​Speaking on Arsenal Fan TV after the Southampton game, the fans believe Danny Welbeck is better suited for the role within the team. His pace possesses a real threat for the opposition and he has proven himself to be a clinical finisher in front of goal.
​However, after just returning from a long injury layoff, is Wenger going to stick with Giroud or start the inform Danny Welbeck?​



Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



