














 






 
Mo4ch News Mo4ch News delivers current local and national news, Breaking news, sport, entertainment, finance, technology, and a whole lot more. wherever you are, whatever your age.

 
 
  



home
World
U.S.
UK
Business
Entertainment
Sports
Science
Health
lifestyle
 






Home / Rebounds / Goal Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd, Chelsea, Arsenal and all the top teams


Goal Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd, Chelsea, Arsenal and all the top teams



Posted by:  Ali Wael 
in  Rebounds
4 days ago
0
39 Views 


Goal summarises the biggest transfer talk from the Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, the Bundesliga and beyond


CARRICK SET FOR TALKS



Michael Carrick is set for talks with Manchester United over a new contract, the Daily Mail report.
The midfielder reportedly could put pen to paper on a new one-year deal should discussions with the club’s hierarchy go well in the coming weeks.

ROSE REJECTED CSL



Danny Rose turned down an approach from the Chinese Super League to remain loyal to Tottenham, according to The Sun.
The full-back reportedly snubbed an offer which would have earned him £14.5 million-a-year.

COSTA AGREES CHELSEA DEAL



Diego Costa has agreed a new five-year contract at Chelsea which will see him earn at least £220,000 per week, according to The Sun.
The striker has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge over the past 12 months, but the Blues have now moved to secure the Spain international’s future with a huge offer.

SPURS NOT GIVING UP ON ZAHA



Tottenham are planning a summer bid for Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha after missing out in January, according to the Daily Express.
Mauricio Pochettino is a major admirer of the former Manchester United wideman, and Spurs will make an offer at the end of the season whether Palace are relegated or not.

BARCELONA LOOKING AT RIGHT-BACK



Barcelona are interested in signing Las Palmas right-back Michel Macedo in the summer, according to reports from Marca.
With Aleix Vidal suffering a long-term injury, Luis Enrique has turned his attention to Michel, who has made 19 La Liga starts this season, though Las Palmas chiefs insist they have no knowledge of the interest.

EVERTON WANT SAGNA



Everton have joined Premier League rivals West Ham in the race for Manchester City’s Bacary Sagna, according to a report from 10 Sport.
The Frenchman’s deal at the Etihad expires at the end of the current campaign but will not be extended by Pep Guardiola, leaving the road open for both the Toffees and the Hammers to make a move ahead of a summer transfer.

MOURINHO WANTS BELOTTI



Manchester United have earmarked Torino’s Andrea Belotti as a long-term option to lead their attack, Tuttomercatoweb reports.
The Italian outlet claims the Red Devils have been sending scouts to keep tabs on the in-form 23-year-old striker, though no official contact has been made between the clubs.

RASHFORD STALLING ON NEW DEAL



Marcus Rashford is stalling on signing a new Manchester United contract due to a lack of first-team opportunities, according to The Times.
The striker will consider his position with the Red Devils at the end of the season amid fears he may never get an extended run in the team under Jose Mourinho.

TOTTENHAM TRACKING MARTIAL



Tottenham are monitoring Anthony Martial’s situation at Manchester United amid speculation he could be unsettled at Old Trafford, according to the Daily Mirror.
Martial has returned to form in recent weeks but still has work to do to convince Jose Mourinho he is a long-term member of his starting XI.

GUARDIOLA EYEING HERNANDEZ BROS



Pep Guardiola wants to launch a £40 million double move to sign Atletico Madrid brothers Lucas and Theo Hernandez, according to the Sun.
Lucas, a centre-back, is impressing with Atleti this season while left-back Theo has risen to prominence on loan at Alaves, who have reached the Copa del Rey final.

MAN UTD & LIVERPOOL SCOUT MALCOM



Liverpool and Manchester United sent scouts to watch Bordeaux winger Malcom in action against PSG on Friday, according to Girondinfos.
The young Brazilian has been one of the revelations of the season in Ligue 1 this season and has attracted the interest of several top sides.

SPURS JOIN ARSENAL IN MBAPPE RACE



Tottenham have joined rivals Arsenal in the race for highly rated teenager Kylian Mbappe, according to the Daily Mirror.
The 18-year-old striker has been drawing rave reviews at Monaco, and netted a hat-trick in his club’s 5-0 win over Metz on Saturday. Mbappe, who has been compared to Thierry Henry, has a contract with Monaco until 2019.

MAN UTD OFFER DE GEA BUMPER DEAL



Manchester United are planning on offering David de Gea a massive new contract to keep him away from Real Madrid, according to the Daily Star.
The Spanish giants are rumoured to be keen on bringing the goalkeeper to Madrid, and the Red Devils will bump his salary from £200k-a-week to nearly £300k-a-week in an effort to keep him at Old Trafford. 

MILAN TO MAKE £45M ALEXIS BID



AC Milan are plotting a £45 million summer bid for Arsenal contract holdout Alexis Sanchez, according to the Daily Express.
The Chilean’s deal at the Emirates Stadium expires in 2018 and the Italians are willing to offer him £250,000 a week, significantly more than what is currently on the table in north London.

LIVERPOOL & ARSENAL WANT SCHMEICHEL



Liverpool and Arsenal are at the front of the queue to sign Leicester City goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel, according to the Star on Sunday.
Jurgen Klopp will go into the market for a goalkeeper again this summer but the Gunners could also be interested as a result of the declining form of Petr Cech.

BENITEZ ON SHORTLIST TO REPLACE WENGER



Rafa Benitez is the surprise name on a four-man shortlist drawn up by Arsenal of those who could replace Arsene Wenger if the Frenchman leaves this summer, claims the Sunday Mirror.
The Newcastle boss is joined on the list by Borussia Dortmund’s Thomas Tuchel and Barcelona coach Luis Enrique, as well as Monaco’s Leonardo Jardim, who is regarded as the outsider for the job.

ARSENAL TO MOVE FOR DEMBELE



Arsenal will battle Chelsea for Celtic striker Moussa Dembele this summer, who could cost £40m, claims the Sunday Mirror.


Antonio Conte’s side and Manchester City have already registered their interest in the 20-year-old but will now be joined by the Gunners who will make their move at the end of the season.


Source : Goal.com News – International
Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd, Chelsea, Arsenal and all the top teams
Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd, Chelsea, Arsenal and all the top teams


Post Views: 
57
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)

Arsenal and all the top teams chelsea goal news sports Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd 2017-02-15
Ali Wael









tweet












 


Tagged with: Arsenal and all the top teams chelsea goal news sports Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd

Previous: Carjackers Tasering lone female drivers, warn UK police
Next: Carjackers Tasering lone female drivers, warn UK police



About Ali Wael 



 









Related Articles



Goal Paris Saint-Germain 0-0 Toulouse: Emery’s men held to disappointing draw
6 mins ago


Man arrested for plotting to bomb Target stores
6 mins ago


#IAmAMuslimToo protest takes over Times Square to denounce Trump’s travel ban (VIDEOS, PHOTOS)
9 mins ago






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 





 

 Advertisement
 





Find us on Facebook		
 


  Recent Posts
 

Goal Paris Saint-Germain 0-0 Toulouse: Emery’s men held to disappointing draw


Man arrested for plotting to bomb Target stores


#IAmAMuslimToo protest takes over Times Square to denounce Trump’s travel ban (VIDEOS, PHOTOS)


Angelina Jolie on Cambodia, politics and a ‘difficult year’


Justin Ross Harris’ ex-wife believes son’s hot car death was a tragic accident


 Pages
 
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

Archives
 
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
January 2016
December 2015
October 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
January 1970


 











 

			© Copyright Mo4ch News 2017, All Rights Reserved			





Facebook Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com 
























