













 
The Arsenal fans site for true Gooners






















Search ...  Search 




















Home 


Match News





Previews


Reviews


Confirmed Line Ups


Opposition View


Post Match Q&A







AV News 


Articles 


My Vision 


Your Vision 


Search 


AV Podcast





Podcast







Contact Us 





Advertising 






















Log in

Register








Login to your account

						Don't have an account yet?  Register now!  


Username *





Password *








							Remember Me					






 




					Forgot your password?



					Forgot your username?








Create an account

Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.


Name *






Username *






Password *






Verify password *






Email *






Verify email *







Captcha *



Reload Captcha







							Register							
						

 









Arsenal News 24/7




















 


		For site advertising enquiries	









		Refresh [F5] For More Giftastic Gunners	











HomePreviewsDinamo Zagreb (a) Thoughts & Line Up: Line up permutations galore, but balance must be found 









 Previews 






							Dinamo Zagreb (a) Thoughts & Line Up: Line up permutations galore, but balance must be found 					


   

 Print 
 Email 




													Details							


Mean Lean 



					16 September 2015				




						Created: 16 September 2015					



 

Champions League football returns for another year, it is quite amazing how we take it for granted these days such is the consistency of our participation in this competition. But participation is not the only thing that Arsène Wenger wants I imagine, he wants to win the one trophy that has escaped his grasp so far. But this is no Mickey mouse competition and there is a reason why only a handful of clubs have a strangle hold over the trophies for the most part. But regardless of the odds, Arsène Wenger will want his squad to give it there best shot and that starts in Croatia against Dinamo Zagreb who are undefeated in 41 games, that is a hell of a lot of games. Maybe we can end that by kicking the Zagreb players all over the pitch, pulling their forward down when he is running through on goal and wait for the referee to award us a penalty for a dive. Yup, I will always be bitter about that.It is fair to say that tonight's opponents will be feeling pretty chipper about themselves and playing with confidence should not be a problem for them. But we are not Slaven Koprivnica, we are the Arsenal mate. You'd like to think we will be more than capable of giving them a good game even though the worrying part of my brain is screaming banana skin at me.So Aaron Ramsey and Hector Bellerin have been rested for the trip eh? I find that news particularly interesting as I wrote an article yesterday about how those two work so well together, so maybe I need to write a piece about Hazard and Costa just before we play them on Saturday. Anyway back to the matter at hand, I wonder if both Gibbs and Debuchy will come into the side in order to keep the balance right as Arsène alluded to pre match.Oxlade-Chamberlain will surely replace Aaron Ramsey on the right ahead of Debuchy. Maybe we will see Oliver Giroud come in for Theo Walcott but after his goal at the weekend I wonder if Arsène will want to stick with Theo. Not in terms of confidence so much but more for momentum and continuity.Will Mikel Arteta get a chance to play ahead of Coquelin? But can you play Arteta in a midfield of Cazorla and Özil without the athleticism and engine of Coquelin or Ramsey? I'm not so sure, especially away from home. Maybe he will play with Coquelin to give our midfield some stability, maybe Arteta will be just fine without runners around him, who on earth knows? (Arsene knows) Basically it is almost impossible to guess as there are so many different permutations.Too many changes could lead to a disjointed performance but a Wednesday match away from home followed by a Saturday lunch time game also away can't be much worse for us in terms of preparation.
Mean Lean's Predicted Line Up:

With the changes likely to take place in the team, it will be interesting to see how we cope with that. I have worried about this a few times recently but every time I have been pleasantly surprised so hopefully the changes will make little difference to the quality of our football. Ideally we will rest many legs and the ones that come in perform at a high level, not only that but we score some goals, grab three points and look forward to Saturday with some real belief in our bellies.
That's not asking too much now is it?
Before I end this, I would like to express my sadness at Jack Wilshere's latest setback, how gutting must this be for him? Even more so given his form at the end of last season. He had been working very hard before the season to get back to his best for this to happen to him, the poor guy. I think he would have been a wonderful option in the wide midfield position on the same side as Bellerin. But we are not going to be able to see that for a while now. I wish Jack a successful recovery, forget the speedy part, just make sure you come back ready whenever that is.
Ok, let us cross fingers for a result better than the Manchester clubs last night and if I may add a good performance that would be most kind.
'til later


 





















				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			


15 Sep 2015


So let me stop reminiscing of days gone by and let me focus on our Welsh wonder. Let me start off by saying that I think it is quite obvious that Aaron Ramsey is better in central midfield. His partnership with Mesut Özil, his running from deep and his underrated ball winning ability makes him a ...Read more







My Vision


15
Sep



				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			




09
Aug



				Thoughts on Arsenal's squad for season 15/16			




31
Jul



				Thoughts on Arsenal's pre season & Potential selection surprises			




10
Jul



				Diaby and Podolski: The what might have beens			




09
Jul



				Arteta is no liability & Can prove valuable in new team			










Latest Articles



				AV Post Match Podcast - EP127: Bayern Munich (a) - Milk The Talent Out Of Him			





				Bayern Munich (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Pace, Power & Pragmatism			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP126:  Hull City (h) - The Crazy Optimist			





				Hull City (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Victory Needed To Steady The Rocking Ship			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP125:  Chelsea (a) - We’re Literally All Going To Die			





				Chelsea (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Only An Arsenal Victory Will Be Good Enough			





				Watford (h) - Tuesday Sucked Big Time			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP124:  Watford (h) - The Vulnerability Of Covering Green Grass			





				Watford (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: A Lovely Selection Headache for Arsène tonight			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP123:  Southampton (a) - Walbeck or Welcott			



Other Football Articles



				The Curious Case of Danny Welbeck			





				Expert Health Tips for Footballers by Christiano Ronaldo			





				How Gambling in Football Impacts Arsenal FC			





				Betting in Football			





















Footie Links

 




    











Copyright © 2015 Arsenal Vision. All Rights Reserved.
Site design by Bagenda.com




 Contact UsSite MapAccessibility and usabilityTerms of useAdvertising










