






About OAN

Affiliate Relations
Careers
OAN Personalities
Where to Watch
Press Kit
Press Releases
Brand & ID
Certifications


TV Schedule
Shows

The Daily Ledger
Tipping Point
Addicted to Money
Behind the Name
Betrayal at Benghazi
Branded
Escape From Iran
Focal Point
Foreign Correspondent
Jihad
Political Plots Revealed
Target America


Contact
 

YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
RSS
 












 
 


Home
Video
U.S. News
World
Politics
Business

Economy
Money


Technology
Entertainment
 Sunday, February 19th



Trending
 

Syrian government forces press attack on Damascus outskirts: monitors, medic

 

Leftist vies with ex-banker in nail-biter Ecuador presidency vote

 

Flood worries in Northern California after deadly storm hits south

 

Kraft withdraws $143-billion offer to merge with Unilever

 

Explosion near Bogota bullring kills one, injures at least 30

 
 


Search for:



 






Duterte accuses U.S. of building ‘permanent’ arsenal in Philippines




Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte speaks before soldiers during a visit at a military camp in Awang, Maguindanao in southern Philippines January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Marconi Navales January 30, 2017
By Martin Petty
MANILA (Reuters) – Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond by scrapping a security treaty between them.
Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. troop presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which he said was a dangerous breach of a defense deal between them. 
“They’re unloading arms in the Philippines now … I’m serving notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I will not allow it,” Duterte told a televised news conference.
“Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It’s a permanent structure to house arms.”
He added: “I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile) now, that they are unloading.”
His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two longtime allies. 
If U.S. arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he would consider a review of treaties “and maybe ultimately abrogate, since it is an executive order.”
EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of U.S. ships, aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security operations.
Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be honored, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his election was one of Washington’s most crucial Asian alliances.
He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing’s claims to the South China Sea.
Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a stunning about-face in Manila’s foreign policy, he has put the arbitration award on the back burner. 
He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its actions could put the Philippines in “extreme danger” because of the posturing between the United States and China.
“You are egging us … egging us (on) to force the issue of arbitral judgment,” he said, referring to the United States.
“The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions,” he said, referring to its naval patrols. “A depot would serve as a supply line.”
Duterte said he had an “urgent” message to China, asking it to help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.
He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be discussed with China when the time was right. 
“I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard,” he said.

 (Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Stephen Powell)

TOPICS:PhilippinessecuritySouth China SeaUnited States  

SHARE


TWEET


PIN


SHARE








Frank



There is no greater fool, than one that refuses to learn from history. Good luck with your political choice Filipino people. I doubt the USA will be there to help you the next time a major Asian force occupies your country. And, unlike the USA, I doubt they will give you your independence freely.






PatrickPatriot



This idiot Duterte apparently has a short historical memory or failed history in school.  Without the US presence he would be speaking Japanese right now. Granted, maybe our presence is large, but the area of the Pacific we protect is huge.  If you wish to give that up…. Good Luck.








 
Latest News  Syrian government forces press attack on Damascus outskirts: monitors, medic Leftist vies with ex-banker in nail-biter Ecuador presidency vote Flood worries in Northern California after deadly storm hits south Kraft withdraws $143-billion offer to merge with Unilever EU Commission to warn Italy on Wed over rising debt Explosion near Bogota bullring kills one, injures at least 30 Philippine army to create task force to chase big drug syndicates Italy’s Renzi defies foes, opens way for party leadership battle Senators look to new sanctions against Iran for missile development Trump administration drafts plan to raise asylum bar, speed deportations 






NewsTop News
U.S. News
World
Politics
Business
Economy
Money
Tech
Entertainment
 

TelevisionSchedule
Where to Watch
CompanyAbout One America News Network
Affiliate Relations
Brand & ID
Press Kit
Careers
Contact
 

TopicsBeijing
Bengaluru Editing
bill
case
change
China
conference
Congress
court
election
Europe
European Union
France
Germany
government
greece
increase
Iran
Islamic State
italy
Japan
media
national
news
New York
offer
political
poll
president
President Barack Obama
presidential
rates
report
Republican
results
Russia
service
show
state
Syria
Turkey
UK
United States
vote
White House
 





Contact
About
Where to Watch
Affiliate Relations
Brand
Press Kit
Careers
 

© Copyright 2016 — Herring Networks, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






















