End User Support - Tech III - 15990 JRDCRedstone Arsenal, ALContractCompany DescriptionAt World IT Solutions and Tec-Masters, we connect you with outstanding government and corporate positions that are excellent career opportunities.  We were founded by former US Navy officers and we are dedicated to providing exceptional IT and Telecommunications services back to the military and to large corporate clients.  Along with excellent benefits and competitive pay, we also provide free technical training and certification reimbursement for A+, Network+, Security+, and other applicable certifications.Why join the Tec-Masters?  At Tec-Masters, we believe our people to be our best asset.  This is distinctly reflective in our culture, work environment, and most importantly how we treat our employees.WHAT TEC-MASTERS CAN OFFER YOU:Design your own benefit plans:  Three options of Medical, Dental, and Vision Packages so you can Best Choose What works for You!Life/Accident InsuranceWe also offer long term and short term disability, supplemental life insurance, supplemental health care, and a Flexible Spending Account.401(K) Matching with Free Planning and Guidance from a Financial AdvisorCertification Reimbursement to Help You Pursue your Educational Career GoalsFull time employees are provided 11 Paid Holidays, 120 hours to use for Vacation/Sick/Personnel Business, and tuition assistance of $3,500 per year.Referral and Performance BonusesBusiness Casual Work EnvironmentAnd Much More!Tec-Masters is a consulting firm that specializes in information technology and telecommunications.  We provide professional IT and design consulting services as well as engineers and operations specialists to meet military, government, and corporate demands worldwide. We continue to fulfill urgent customer demands by providing cleared personnel across the globe.TMI is a certified ISO-9001:2008, Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) Level 3 appraised, and Six Sigma certified minority owned Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB). Founded in 1988, TMI has provided innovative, robust, and unsurpassed dedication to training, training development, analysis, experimentation, IT, engineering, logistics support, multimedia, and management services to our client base. TMI is headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama with major offices in Lawton, OK; Orlando, FL; Atlanta, GA; and Washington, DC.Learn more at:www.witsllc.comExpand your horizons!APPLY TODAY!Job DescriptionWe are looking to hire an End User Support immediately. This is a great opportunity to join a rapidly expanding and successful team. We are looking for someone with a hands-on technical background who has effective communication skills. It’s your chance to work with the best in the industry in a solutions focused environment.Pay Rate: $30.32 (Pay can be negotiated based on qualifications). The Windows CSA will be required to support, troubleshoot and resolve software/hardware conflicts/problems on these platforms:Windows 10 workstations, configuration and installation of related peripherals. Will be responsible for loading and supporting required system softwareincluding: Microsoft Office 2016, additional products in the Microsoft suite of software, test applications and GOTS (Government Off The Shelf) Software. Will be required to coordinate efforts with Network Operations Center and Resource Management personnel to resolve Incident.Requests and Engineering Change work orders. Other duties and occasional travel may be required. This position may occasionally be required to work extended and/or non-prime hours.QualificationsBasic Qualifications:Experience with SCCM, and remote administration.Experience with Active Directory.Candidate must have or be able to obtain a DoD Secret security clearance.Candidates must have completed and be enrolled in Continuing Education (CE) with a Security+ certification or other IAT.Level II 8570 compliant certification or above.Essential qualifications for a successful candidate include: The ability to quickly adapt to new situations, a strong commitment to a teamenvironment, the capacity to work unsupervised and an ability to communicate effectively and efficiently with co-workers as well as management.Ability to lift 50 lbs.Preferred Qualifications:Associate&apos;s degree in Information Technology or related discipline and 2 years previous experience with Windows 10 operating systems and related networking (TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS).Microsoft Certification(s) MCTS (669, 680 and/or 681) and MCITP (680 and 685 or 686) certifications a plus.CompTIA Certification(s) A+, NET+, and SEC+.Experience using Remedy software (Action Request System).Audio Visual, Blackberry, and VOIP Telephone equipment experience beneficial.Scripting: Power Shell, VBscript, or JavaScript a plus. Experience with Virtual environments.TS/SCI preferred but not required.Required Education/Experience: Associates / 2 YearsAlternate Education/Experience: HS Diploma - GED / 5 yearsAssociates / 2 yearsAdditional InformationJoin Tec-Masters Today!Sorry, this job has expiredSorry, this job has expiredPosted byChristy Cornettshare this jobPowered by