























NewsElection 2016
Americas
UK
World
Europe
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1
WWE

CultureFilm
TV
Music
Books

LifestyleFashion
Food + drink
Travel
Health + families
Love + sex

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

US election
Daily EditionSubscribe for a free trial
Read Now

 




 





 




UK Edition 


US Edition 





Sign in
Register
Subscriptions
 






 





 NewsElection 2016
World
US
UK
Europe
People
Science
Health
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Cricket
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1

CultureBooks
Film
TV
Music
Art
Theatre & Dance
Comedy

LifestyleFood & drink
Health & families
Love & sex
Motoring
Student
Travel
Fashion

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

VideoExplainer videos
News videos
People & culture videos
Sport videos

IndyBestFashion & Beauty
Homes & Design
Food & Drink
Gadgets & Tech
Outdoor & Activity
Arts & Books
Travel

MoneyHealth insurance
Investments

ExtrasThe Independent Books
Puzzles
indy100
Apps
Ebooks
iJobs
Dating

 
Follow us:

















We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more.

 








NewsUKHome News
Israel nuclear weapons: UK government loses file on its involvement with country's arsenal

Labour's Tristram Hunt describes missing National Archive files as 'worrying loss'



Harry Cockburn

Thursday 4 August 2016 16:19 BST







Click to followThe Independent Online















 
        The National Archives, Kew (file pic) Getty 




More than 400 documents, including government files relating to the UK’s involvement in Israel’s alleged nuclear arsenal, have gone missing over the last four years, it has been revealed.
The response to a Freedom of Information request showed the UK’s National Archive at Kew contains more than 11 million documents in total, including many government documents that become publicly available after 30 years.
Notable missing files include 1970s documents on nuclear collaboration with Israel, as well as a letter from Winston Churchill.

Read more

Donald Trump denies asking foreign policy advisor three times 'why can't we use nuclear weapons?'
Japan calls North Korean nuclear developments a 'grave and imminent threat'
Government's suprise decision to review new nuclear plant at Hinkley Point sends out bad message to business
Renewable energy would be cheaper than Government's 'bad deal' on Hinkley Point nuclear plant, Labour warns


The losses include more than 60 Foreign office files, over 40 Home office documents, and six from the records of former prime ministers. 
According to the BBC, one MP from the parliamentary group on official archives said he was “concerned” by their loss. 
The losses were revealed by a FoI request submitted by the BBC.
A 1979 document titled “Military and nuclear collaboration with Israel: Israeli nuclear armament”, is among the missing pieces.

Read more
Israel approves new law to jail child 'terrorists' as young as 12


The file, contained among government files on arms control and disarmament in the 1970s, apparently relates to a United Nations resolution from 1978 which concerned “increasing evidence” Israel was attempting to acquire nuclear weapons.
Since the 1950s, Israel has retained a policy of nuclear ambiguity, neither publicly confirming nor denying whether it has a nuclear arsenal.  
However, Israel is now thought to possess 80 nuclear warheads, built up as western governments have “played along with the policy of ‘opacity’”, as the Guardian’s Julian Borger puts it. 
Labour MP Tristram Hunt, the vice-chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Archives and History, told the BBC the missing files were a “worring loss”, but added that the National Archives were among the world’s best and were run “incredibly effectively and efficiently”. 
He said: “The challenge is to ensure that you've got the systems to prevent that, because with every loss of a potential piece of archive you're losing some history and understanding.


In pictures: JFK's Cold War nuclear shelter

















10
show all







In pictures: JFK's Cold War nuclear shelter


















1/10



Curator Ruth Pelletier walks down a hallway in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida

Reuters



2/10



A cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for President John F. Kennedy is shown on Peanut Island near Riviera Beach, Florida

Reuters



3/10



The dingy, cavernous steel fallout shelter hastily built on a man-made island off Florida's east coast is a stark reminder of the harsh realities President John F. Kennedy faced from the first days of his presidency at the height of the Cold War

Reuters



4/10



Guests visit the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida

Reuters



5/10



Short wave radios are shown in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida

Reuters



6/10



A hallway is shown with a generator at the far end in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida

Reuters



7/10



Bunk beds in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida 

Reuters



8/10



A box containing a radiation detection kit is presented in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida 

Reuters



9/10



General manager Anthony Miller stands in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida

Reuters



10/10



The emergency exit in the cold-war era nuclear fallout shelter constructed for U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Peanut Island, Florida  

Reuters






“You're losing a sense of connection and you're losing the fabric of the past.” 
Another significant loss is a file containing a letter written by former Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1947 during the time he wrote his account of the Second World War, which contributed to his Nobel Prize for Literature in 1953. 
The missing documents account for a tiny percentage of all the files the National Archives holds.
A statement from officials said: “We are a working archive with a robust, ongoing programme dedicated to locating misplaced documents and many are subsequently found again after a thorough search.”



              More about:
            
Israel
National Archives
Nuclear Weapons


Reuse content










 


 



 

Comments














Most Popular








Video




Sponsored Features













Follow us:







User Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
Contributors
All Topics
Archive
Newsletters
Jobs
Subscriptions
Advertising Guide
Syndication
Evening Standard
Novaya Gazeta
Install our Apps
 
 
 
 
 


 










Close



We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.
Thank you for your support.
 


How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk
 Adblock / Adblock Plus

Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar.
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

Click the Ghostery icon.
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list.
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted".
Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

Click the uBlock icon.
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
Then reload the page.
 




Close



Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk 
Continue to our site





 





























