


      





















Toggle navigation





Toggle Universal Navigation





 News











 facebook
 twitter
 youtube
 login













Home
News
Business
Overseas
Entertainment
Life
Sports
Trending
Focus
Weather
DZMM
ANC
TV PATROL




















































Home
 > 
News



























Duterte accuses US of building 'permanent' arsenal in PH

Martin Petty, Reuters

Posted at Jan 30 2017 07:22 AM | Updated as of Jan 30 2017 11:12 AM





Share

Save 
Facebook
Twitter
GPlus
LinkedIn
Pinterest







President Duterte speaks during a late night news conference at the presidential palace in Manila Sunday. Ezra Acayan, Reuters



MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte accused the United States on Sunday of risking regional stability by building permanent arms depots in his country, and threatened to respond by scrapping a security treaty between them.
Duterte, who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. troop presence in the Philippines, said Washington was bringing weapons into three provinces of his country to store permanently, which he said was a dangerous breach of a defense deal between them.
"They're unloading arms in the Philippines now ... I'm serving notice to the armed forces of the United States. Do not do it, I will not allow it," Duterte told a televised news conference.
"Provisions of the Visiting Forces (Agreement), there shall be no permanent facilities. A depot is by any other name a depot. It's a permanent structure to house arms."
He added: "I do not even know if there is a nuclear tip (missile) now, that they are unloading."
His comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two longtime allies.
If U.S. arsenals were built in the Philippines, Duterte said he would consider a review of treaties "and maybe ultimately abrogate, since it is an executive order."
EDCA allows the expansion of rotational deployment of U.S. ships, aircraft and troops at five bases in the Philippines as well as the storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security operations.
Duterte has repeatedly threatened to tear up security deals with the United States, while also giving guarantees those would be honored, muddying the picture in a relationship that prior to his election was one of Washington's most crucial Asian alliances.
He also chided the United States for pressuring the Philippines to enforce a ruling last year by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that invalidated most of Beijing's claims to the South China Sea.
Duterte has done the opposite and has sought to create warm ties and secure investment from China rather than confront it. In a stunning about-face in Manila's foreign policy, he has put the arbitration award on the back burner.
He said Washington was putting regional stability at risk and its actions could put the Philippines in "extreme danger" because of the posturing between the United States and China.
"You are egging us ... egging us (on) to force the issue of arbitral judgment," he said, referring to the United States.
"The missiles of China are pointed at the American expeditions," he said, referring to its naval patrols. "A depot would serve as a supply line."
Duterte said he had an "urgent" message to China, asking it to help provide precision-guided missiles so Philippine troops could fight Islamic State-linked militants in the south.
He said the court ruling on the South China Sea would be discussed with China when the time was right.
"I made a commitment to President Xi Jinping, I made a solemn commitment that we will talk about this arbitral award during my term. When, I really do not know, but we will talk hard," he said. (Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Stephen Powell)




Share

Save 
Facebook
Share on Twitter
GPlus
LinkedIn
Pinterest




Read More: 
Rodrigo Duterte  
United States  
China  
arsenal  
permanent arms depot  
/news/01/29/17/duterte-orders-full-press-military-operation-in-lanao/news/01/29/17/duterte-sets-deadline-for-surrender-of-nbi-assets-linked-to-jee-ick-joo-slay/news/01/29/17/duterte-wont-allow-us-to-build-military-depot-in-the-philippines/news/01/29/17/duterte-on-declaring-martial-law-if-public-asks-for-it-ill-do-it/news/01/29/17/duterte-to-put-up-new-anti-narcotics-command 







LATEST NEWS


MOST READ




Magnitude 4.9 quake rocks Sultan Kudarat
February 20, 2017

WATCH: Maja, Paulo play drinking game on 'GGV'
February 20, 2017

Maja compares 'Wildflower' leading men to flowers
February 20, 2017

WATCH: Dayanara dances Lambada, Macarena with Vice
February 20, 2017

Visiting Cebu? Try 10,000 Roses Cafe in Cordova
February 19, 2017

Ginebra's Cone on Game 7: It's anybody's game
February 19, 2017

Pingris, Hotshots vow to give their all in Game 7
February 19, 2017

Devance's play inspired Ginebra, stunned Star
February 19, 2017

WATCH: Bohol's newest summer destinations
February 19, 2017

Maricel Laxa, Anthony Pangilinan's son now a MYX VJ
February 19, 2017

Michelle van Eimeren's daughter back in PH with dad Ogie
February 19, 2017

Meet Jomari and Aiko's teenage son
February 19, 2017

LOOK: Aerial survey shows effect of mining in Dinagat Islands
February 19, 2017

Ex-Davao del Norte DAR exec, patay sa pamamaril
February 19, 2017

Ginebra routs Star to force Game 7
February 19, 2017
 


LOOK: Another oarfish washed ashore in Cagayan de Oro


Lalaki, pinagbabaril sa sasakyan habang nasa backseat ang 2 anak


WATCH: Daniel, Erich get cozy in California


WATCH: Awra transforms into Shirley Bassey


Frankie Pangilinan graces first magazine cover, debuts original song


Julia Barretto, Joshua Garcia draw praise for 'Maalaala Mo Kaya' stint


WATCH: Yassi, Rayver dance to 'Say You Won't Let Go'


Labi ng OFW na pinatay sa Jordan, naiuwi na sa Cagayan


WATCH: Sarah performs Sia's 'Move Your Body'


Lalaking gumahasa at pumatay umano sa pamangkin, arestado


Pimentel to cops: Use 'common sense' in looming De Lima arrest


Nagpakilalang hired killer, nagtangkang mangikil sa negosyante


Driver na galing sa lamay ng kapatid, patay matapos nahulog sa San Juan River


Michelle van Eimeren's daughter back in PH with dad Ogie


Dambuhalang oarfish nalambat sa Agusan














next












© 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
























