













Just Arsenal News
Arsenal Transfer News & Rumours | Arsenal FC Team news


Main Menu
Skip to content

HomeArsenal Offers
Just Arsenal Blogs
Privacy Notice
Contact

About us


LIVE SCORES
Arsenal Injuries
Arsenal links





Join The Discussion, REGISTER or LOGIN to post a comment.














 Arsenal News 24/7 



 



Top Blog Partners 



 
  Tweets by @JustArsenal


 



 



  Posted on
          January 29, 2017          by ADMIN
                             


Welbeck’s hunger for goals helped him through Arsenal injuries


Arsenal forward Danny Welbeck returned from injury this month, and marked his first start of the campaign with two goals.
The former Manchester United youth product has spent a huge chunk of the last two terms on the sidelines thanks to injuries, and their was worries over how long it could take him to return to form.
Welbeck put those doubts to bed however by putting in a superstar performance in a central striker role on his very first start of the campaign, scoring the opening two goals of the 5-0 win over Southampton, as well as setting Theo Walcott up for the third.
The England international has now stated that his hunger for goals had helped him in his recovery process.
When asked if the thought of scoring these goals was key in his rehabilitation, he replied: ‘Yeah, definitely. I think because I had this experience before, coming back from an injury, I kind of knew what to expect even though it’s a tough time.
‘It was obviously good to be back out on the pitch after such a long time out, it’s been a tough few months.’
When talking to the Official Arsenal website, he revealed how he was just happy to have returned to the first-team this week, and that he was now looking to continue his run in the team after his impressive display.
‘The end game is to be back out on the pitch and playing in the first team and I got that opportunity,’ Welbeck said.
‘I’m certainly looking forward to doing it many more times.’
Will Welbeck now find himself propelled into a first-team role after his dream first start of the term?
Pat J
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal News, Arsenal NewsNow and tagged Arsenal, welbeck on January 29, 2017 by GoonerP.						











 



Post navigation
← Juventus tell Arsenal – You are not getting Allegri!
Uh Oh! Arsenal injury problems suddenly become serious ahead of Chelsea clash →

 

 


			One thought on “Welbeck’s hunger for goals helped him through Arsenal injuries”		




Juhi McLovin January 29, 2017 at 10:03 pm 

What Welbz has been missing is the end product. His first start of the season looked promising. Hope he can deliver, even 10 goals this season would be a huge help for this season.
Can we also talk about Theo? He’s one goal short from 100 Arsenal goals, and that’s not bad for a winger. This season he’s got 14 in 21 appearances, and is 7 goals short from his best tally for us. I think now that he has put that striker nonsense behind him, he’s been totally different player. He might be go missing every now and then but he manages to score, and that’s all that matters.
Also OX should be given a run at the CM spot in my opinion. His weakness is the end product as well but all his other qualities like strength, pace and tackling, worked for him in the middle.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  13  0 





Comments are closed.
 


 




 


 



Search JustArsenal,com

Search for:



Recent CommentsNY_Gunner on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Wayne Barker on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Impenia on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?hecmanx on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?RSH on FOUR changes Arsenal desperately need after Munich disaster…. 





Friendly Sites

Barcelona News
Football News and rumours
LIVE SCORES
Man United News
Real Madrid News


 



Polls



Do you want Thieet Henry to manage Arsenal one day?
 Yes
 No
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 












Custom WordPress theme & web design by Arena DM













