














Gooner News
The original unofficial Arsenal News aggregation site.


Home
Blog
About
Live
History
Arsenal News
Transfer News
Match Previews
Match Reports
Tickets
 



 Arsenal Headlines 

Arsene Wenger Should Be Supported And Allowed To Do His Job Shouldn’t He?


Arsenal Hoping FA Cup Tie vs Sutton Rebuilds Confidence


Arsene Wenger Will Decide His Future Later But Plans To Manage Somewhere Next Season


Arsenal Still Grooming Young Stars Like Alex Iwobi And Chris Willock


Jack Wilshere Injury Picked Up Against Man City ‘Not Major’ According To Howe


Beating Bayern Could Suddenly Make Arsenal’s Season A Big Success


Are Antoine Griezmann and Daniel Hanslick Possible Signings For Wenger To Ensure Silverware In What Could Be His Swansong


Can Arsene Wenger Deliver One More Trophy For The Emirates Despite The Criticism of Alan Smith




 







 


Arsenal Linked To Outrageous £85m Transfer For French Mega-Star
Author:  
											Andrei Leonte					
					January 30, 2017				

It’s been a somewhat quiet transfer window for the Premier League just as expected. It is well known that big moves are made in the summer after clubs are able to draw the line and decide which direction to go in. With hours before the end of the transfer window period, Oscar is still the most expensive transfer done this January. He is followed by Draxler who finally left the Bundesliga and joined PSG despite being linked to Arsenal as well. City also paid big money for a 19-year-old Gabriel Jesus but no other transfers are really worth mentioning especially when it concerns Arsenal. Schneiderlin joined Everton but it is unlikely he will be the gamechanger the Toffees needed.
None of the top 4 clubs seem to have their sights set on a particular target, not for this winter at least. According to ESPN there are some summer plans which might start unfolding in February. Unfortunately, the reported plan involving Arsenal is sort of outrageous as it comes with a £85m price tag. It refers to Antoine Griezmann’s transfer to the Emirates which at this point in times sounds impossible. While the rumors have it that Atletico’s striker would be happy with the same salary Alexis Sanchez wants to extend his contract for (£250,000-per-week), it is a bit hard to believe the Gunners will land the Euro 2016 finalist. While it is true that Wenger is quite persuasive and that Koscielny, Coquelin and Giroud’s presences might help, Griezmann’s price is way too high.

Wenger would never agree to bring in someone with almost double the salary of Arsenal’s highest paid player especially when negotiations are still to be finalized with Sanchez and Ozil. Bringing Griezmann would mean 3 players get £750,000-per-week which is a massive outlay and would undoubtedly blow apart Arsenal’s carefully constructed wage structure.
Even though it is disappointing to say, this rumor belongs next to that of Aubameyang’s transfer to the Emirates – meaning it is incredibly unlikely. Paying over £70-80million on one player is not something expected from Arsenal. Not this year at least.
  

Comments are closed on this article.












 








 





Latest Arsenal Poll 


Will Arsenal end the season with a trophy?



Twitter 
Tweets from @goonernews/gooner-news












Facebook 

Facebook










 



Catch all the very latest Arsenal news from 
the around world here at GoonerNews.com 
We are an unofficial website and we are
in no way affiliated with or connected to
Arsenal Football Club.

Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy

© ScoopDragon Publishing Limited 2017. For copyright information click here. 




















