













Just Arsenal News
Arsenal Transfer News & Rumours | Arsenal FC Team news


Main Menu
Skip to content

HomeArsenal Offers
Just Arsenal Blogs
Privacy Notice
Contact

About us


LIVE SCORES
Arsenal Injuries
Arsenal links





Join The Discussion, REGISTER or LOGIN to post a comment.














 Arsenal News 24/7 



 



Top Blog Partners 



 
  Tweets by @JustArsenal


 



 



  Posted on
          January 30, 2017          by ADMIN
                             


Welbeck won’t play so who will be Arsenal’s front 3 against Watford?


Danny Welbeck’s first start for Arsenal this season was a roaring success against Southampton as he scored twice and set up Theo Walcott for the first of his hat-trick, but Arsene Wenger will not risk Danny playing again tomorrow so soon after his excellent comeback. 
Wenger said this morning: “He has done enough. But we must be cautious. I think it is a bit short after three days.”
“The quality of the performance was there.”
Theo Walcott was also excellent on his comeback, helped by Perez, and Wenger admits that he now has a selection headache in the striking department. “I am pleased first of all with their performance.
“We have scored many goals this season and Danny was not there so to add him to the squad gives us huge offensive potential.
“I have to use the strikers in the right moment without destroying the balance of the team.
“I will add Perez who contributed well on Saturday. We have many players who can produce and score.”
Wenger also noted: “It feels like I have many new strikers because Lucas Perez played very well and I left Olivier Giroud at home.
“The problem will now be to find the right combination which will use them well in games. The result is strong with the balance of the team.”
So against Watford, who will Wenger pick up front this time? Alexis played the last 20 minutes against the Saints and it looks like Wenger will play him in every game I am sure. I think Giroud was given a rest so he can start against Watford, but that leaves Perez, Walcott or Iwobi as the possibilities on the right wing.
Or will Wenger put Alexis back in the middle flanked by Iwobi and Walcott? Or Perez and Walcott?
Who would you choose?
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal News, Arsenal NewsNow on January 30, 2017 by Admin.						











 



Post navigation
← Arsenal and Spurs only challengers to Chelsea for the title?
Akpom moving on but Jenkinson staying at Arsenal →

 

 


			14 thoughts on “Welbeck won’t play so who will be Arsenal’s front 3 against Watford?”		




Juhi McLovin January 30, 2017 at 12:16 pm 

If fatigue is not a problem, I would pick:
Perez Sanchez Theo
I think these 3 players are the most deadly players we have at the moment. We can easily bring super sub Giroud later on.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  43  3 







ThirdManJW January 30, 2017 at 3:50 pm 

I would love that front three, but under no circumstances will Perez be allowed to start…poor guy! He’s barely had game time throughout the season, even with Ox, Walcott, Giroud, and Welbeck out injured. Really do not understand why Wenger even bought him? 
Apart from not scoring when one-on-one, Perez was excellent in the FA Cup win. What I like is his calmness on the ball, and ability to play a great through ball.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  16  1 









Arsenal_Girl January 30, 2017 at 12:17 pm 

I was surprised that Alexis played. I would have rested him for tomorrow. 
I would like to see Lucas, Theo and Alexis start either against Watford or Chelsea.
Theo is our best rw, Lucas is playing excellent on left, Alexis is our best striker. 
We could also play Theo, Alexis and Giroud
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  22  3 







NY_Gunner January 30, 2017 at 4:16 pm 

@A_Girl
I think Danny would be better than Lucas against Chelsea. Lucas movement and passing are kool, but he lacks in the defensive side of it.The Blues roll with 4/5 in midfield…Our forwards have to chip in defensively there.
Rate this comment:  9  4 









Kostafi January 30, 2017 at 12:27 pm 

Alexis, Giroud, Walcott. I expect we will need the big guy against Watfords CB’s whose mission will be to park the bus. A set piece goal should open the game up…
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  27  1 







Samuel Akinsola Adebosin January 30, 2017 at 2:03 pm 

Hidden due to low comment rating. Click here to see.First of all, I will like to let Ray Wilkins known that comes what may, Arsenal will beat Chelsea at the Bridge in a lunchtime PL match kickoff time on Saturday. It’s not Arsenal CAN beat Chelsea, but WILL beat Chelsea. So, let Ray Wilkins take note of the word “WILL”.in the affirmative
Of course Arsenal will beat Watford tomorrow night at the Ems to collect all the three points that will be put at stake in that PL match. And all things being equal, Chelsea will drop all three points to Liverpool at Anfield on this same Saturday night to start a cave in journey in their Premier League campaign this season that will see Arsenal overthrow them eventually form the top of the table to begin to sit on it sooner than later.
The question.that I want to ask Le Prof is, which team is he going to play against Watford tomorrow? Is it a makeshift team like the one he played at ST Mary’s in an FA Cup round four match that sent the Saints into capitulation, or a standard PL team that will put Watford to the sword for the collection of all the three points?
This match being a PL match, I will prefer it if Le Prof plays a standard PL Gunners team against Watford tomorrow and not a makeshift team. I say this because I think Watford could make things difficult for the Gunners in this match because haven lost away to Millwall in the FA Cup on Sunday, they’ll like to pour their disappointments of losing to Millwall on Arsenal by trying to wreak a havoc at the Ems tomorrow. Besides, the lower club teams like Watford seem to draw inspiration to wreak a havoc against Arsenal at the Ems whenever they come there to play. I think the Ems motivate them to be doing so. e.g. Teams like Middlesbrough, Swansea and of recent Burnley gave us some problems at the Ems this season. Therefore, Arsenal should not take beating Watford for granted but MUST take this game against Watford by the scruff of the neck to take complete control of the match.
My starts:
Cech
Paulista Mustafi Mertesacker Monreal
Coquelin Ramsey
Sanchez Ozil Iwobi
Perez.
Bench:
Ospina Bellerin Koscielny Gibbs Chamberlain Giroud. Welbeck.
Because of our impending away match to Chelsea on Saturday, I’ve decided to manage my starts and bench in such a way that I am starting Bellerin, Koscielny, Gibbs, Chamberlain, Giroud & Welbeck on the bench to have a partial full game rest ahead all of them to start against Chelsea. While I decided to leave out Walcott completely from my selection to enable me to use his pace at maximum level at Chelsea.
Out of tune?. Like or Dislike:  1  20 







ThirdManJW January 30, 2017 at 3:57 pm 

Mertesacker should not play for Arsenal ever again! I am stunned he’s in your line-up. His contract extension is an absolute joke, and he cannot even run! 
If you want to rest Koscielny, then put Gabriel at CB, Bellerin at RB, or Gabriel at RB, with Holding at CB, if you want to rest Bellerin as well. Personally, I’d have Bellerin at RB, and Gabriel at CB. Bellerin is young, has plenty of energy, and had an easy, non physical game on Saturday. He’s fine to start again.
Rate this comment:  8  2 







ThirdManJW January 30, 2017 at 3:59 pm 

Forgot to mention, I’d definitely have Koscielny starting.
Rate this comment:  3  1 









Break-on-through January 30, 2017 at 5:43 pm 

Samuel A.A. I think it’s a good point you make. Chelsea will go with their full team v pool, and then they’ll need to do the same when we face them. This would be a good opportunity to try and bring an advantage to the bridge, by having some fresher legs. All season Chelsea had the advantage with fresher legs, as most of the other top teams had CL commitments. But it’s a risk all the same because we can’t afford to lose this next game.
Rate this comment:  2  0 









PRINCE AFZ January 30, 2017 at 3:00 pm 

Based on the players rested during the FA Cup match, I exepect Wenger to play a front 3 of Sanchez, Giroud and Iwobi.
Against Chelsea, I would’t risk Perez on either flank due to his tracking back issue. Although, it seems he is better than Iwobi when it comes to tracking back.
Rate this comment:  7  1 







HA559 January 30, 2017 at 4:44 pm 

Perez is getting the Podolski treatment. 
Meanwhile overpaid, over stayed players are still here at the club.
Top Gooner!. Agree or not?:  13  0 







NY_Gunner January 30, 2017 at 4:48 pm 

@HA559
I think AW is being conservative with him, because we do have a few Cup matches left, as well as CL matches. Thats where I think he’ll be let loose…
Rate this comment:  3  1 









Simon_MrMac January 30, 2017 at 4:57 pm 

So tempting as a fan to rest players before the game against Chelsea-
But it’s points that wins Premier League – 
And we need to fight and win every point. So must always play strongest possible team in PL
Rate this comment:  6  0 







Wilshegz January 30, 2017 at 10:49 pm 

Any front 3 with Alexis included is good to go…. we need Walcott fully rested for Chelsea.
Rate this comment:  1  0 





Comments are closed.
 


 




 


 



Search JustArsenal,com

Search for:



Recent Commentsmarty53 on FOUR changes Arsenal desperately need after Munich disaster….NY_Gunner on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Wayne Barker on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?Impenia on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go?hecmanx on Do Arsenal fans now have to convince Wenger to go? 





Friendly Sites

Barcelona News
Football News and rumours
LIVE SCORES
Man United News
Real Madrid News


 



Polls



Do you want Thieet Henry to manage Arsenal one day?
 Yes
 No
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 












Custom WordPress theme & web design by Arena DM













