ForYahoo Sports​Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes his side's weaknesses in the air were exposed as they drew 3-3 with West Ham on Saturday.Speaking to BT Sport and as reported by ​ESPN, Wenger stated his belief that the problem has shown since the start of the season and it's set Arsenal back on a number of occasions. Andy Carroll scored a hat-trick against the Gunners within eight minutes either side of half time - and all of his goals came from crosses into the box.

Wenger said: "We paid for our weakness in the air inside the box. And since the beginning of the season in some important games that has happened to us. It's disappointing for us, especially with players of that experience, 2-0 up on 43 minutes and at 45 it's 2-2. I think that's where we have made it difficult for ourselves."He doesn't believe their title challenge is over yet, but with Leicester ten points ahead of Arsenal as it stands, Wenger has admitted he's now looking over his shoulder.Wenger added: "Over, no. But it makes it much more difficult of course. We have to wait for the [other] results and focus on the next game. Because they are chasing behind us as well and we dropped two points today."Arsenal paid for 'weakness in the air' vs. West Ham, says manager Arsene Wenger. https://t.co/GuwwcRNUaI— ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) April 9, 2016

The Frenchman's decision to choose David Ospina in goal was criticised both before and after the match too, as Petr Cech was fit enough to make the bench.He said: "Look, does Petr Cech play or David Ospina? We have a bad record in the air since the start of the season no matter who plays."We have not conceded in the last two games. And if you look at the numbers of both keepers, no matter who you play you are right, and no matter who you play you are wrong. Because every time you concede a goal people will say, why didn't you play him or him?"I just decided to keep the winning team.""In the context of the @premierleague it’s a bad result." Arsene Wenger on #WHUvAFC: https://t.co/y726O9vnNT pic.twitter.com/IoTGvjwDiY— Arsenal FC (@Arsenal) April 9, 2016

 
Follow @_scottsaunders on Twitter! ​​