

















US: 1-888-591-8022
UK: +44 20 3744 1086
Home
Contact Us

Live Chat






 









Toggle navigation











Method 

AllBound360℠ Overview
Integrate with SureLead
Getting Started


Programs 

Programs Overview
B2B Appointment Setting
Warm Handoff™ B2B Lead Generation
Market Intelligence
Request Pricing


Expertise 

B2B
Technology
Healthcare
Supply Chain & Logistics
Education
Energy
Manufacturing
Financial Services
Channel Enablement


Company 

About SalesStaff
Executive Team
Department Leadership
Partner with SalesStaff
A Culture of Giving
Careers

Open Positions
Apply Now


Contact Us


Resources 

Case Studies
B2B Sales and Marketing Tools
Videos
Whitepapers
Blog
Webinars


 


100-Day Pilot






 






SalesStaff Blog
Improve your marketing and sales effort
Subscribe to this blog RSS FEED


Subscribe to blog updates









HomeB2B Sales Closing3 B2B Sales Closing Techniques You Should Use








3 B2B Sales Closing Techniques You Should Use
Posted by Garrett Hollander on Fri Jun 27, 2014 @ 11:19 AM


 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon Print Email Reddit BufferMuch has been written about B2B sales closing techniques over the years. I must say that many of the old-school closing techniques traditionally taught in sales are going the way of the dinosaur. Much more emphasis is attributed to simply focusing on understanding their prospects’ businesses and helping them achieve their desired outcomes – and the focus SHOULD be on understanding and not getting the deal through gimmicky closes.
But that does not mean that there aren’t some B2B sales closing techniques which might help you get the deal once you’ve understood the prospect’s challenge and truly believe your solution can help.
Similarity Close
The Technique
This is a variation of a client reference where you identify the prospect with a similar client who has already bought in. Essentially, you describe a client who was in a parallel situation as your prospect – with similar problems and concerns. You sum up how this client eventually purchased what you are pitching and is now very pleased. Use a real client and a real story.
Sample
“It’s funny, John, because I met with a gentleman who works with XYZ company a few months back who asked that exact same question. He was equally concerned about the difficulty to implement our solution. He did some research on the ins and outs of the implementation and here we are a couple months later and he couldn’t be more pleased.”
Why it Works
We are hard-wired to empathize with others in a similar position as ourselves. It’s like when we watch a movie and find ourselves associating with the protagonists. Once a kind of mental attachment is made with the client in your anecdote, the prospect is more likely to agree with their decision to purchase.
Ask-the-Manager Close
The Technique
Ah… the classic car salesman close of “Let me see if my manager can approve this price.” This is a cost/discount close where you explain to the prospect that you have inadequate authority to give discounts and that you’ll check with your superior. At this point, it helps to tie-down the prospect if possible with a statement like, “I’m not sure if we can get to that price, but if we can, do you think we can get the paperwork signed before the end of the week?” Come back and say you have managed to persuade your manager to make a concession.
Sample
“The best I can do is $1500 a month. But, in all honesty, John, we’re a bit below target this quarter and I’m sure if I ask my VP of Sales, she might be able to extend a promotional offer we were going to deploy next month. If I can get that approved, you think we can move on this?”
How it Works
There are a few principles at work here. First, in approaching your manager, you are aligning yourself with the prospect’s interests as an ally. You have put yourself out for them – a bold warrior, fighting on behalf of the prospect. Second, if the prospect is haggling on price, you can use this close to serve as a “final offer.”
Intelligence Close
The Technique
This close is a simple variation of the Similarity Close mentioned above. Here, you infer that other really intelligent people have made this purchase. They can become a part of a group of really smart people who have made a similar decision.
Sample
“I was on the phone with a super-smart Vice President at Ford Motors last month who was facing a similar challenge as you. In the course of talking with him, he realized instantly what our solution could do to help him. You’re a smart fellow, as well, so this might be something of a no-brainer for you too.”
How it Works
The Intelligence Close works by associating aptitude as the common bond among those that have the choice to purchase. “You’re a smart person just like others who have made the decision to move forward.”
As I mentioned at the outset of the article, these closing techniques are not meant to be gimmicky by any means. Once you’ve done your job as a salesperson in understanding your prospects and if you truly believe your solution can help, these B2B sales closing techniques can be used to nudge them in the right direction.

 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon Print Email Reddit Buffer

Bio


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn


Latest Posts




Garrett HollanderDirector, Content Strategy at SalesStaffGarrett Hollander serves as the Director of Content Strategy for SalesStaff. In that role, he serves the B2B sales and marketing community with premium content, posts, and ideas around various topics related to B2B sales. In addition, he manages SalesStaff's social media presence, building a strong community of like-minded sales and marketing professionals.






@SalesStaffLeads








+Garrett Hollander














Latest posts by Garrett Hollander (see all)



The Evolution of B2B Sales Decisions and How they are Made [Infographic] - January 20, 2017


B2B Marketers Embracing Customer Experience More than Ever – What are their CX Priorities? - November 18, 2016


3 Ways You Can Make the Account-Based Marketing Phenomenon Work for You - November 17, 2016




 






CONNECT




About Garrett Hollander
Garrett Hollander serves as the Director of Content Strategy for SalesStaff. In that role, he serves the B2B sales and marketing community with premium content, posts, and ideas around various topics related to B2B sales. In addition, he manages SalesStaff's social media presence, building a strong community of like-minded sales and marketing professionals.








Ocha Nix



Understanding is always much better than gimmicks. One way your prospect can understand what you offer better is an effective method of closing that starts long before the the first phone call or email. http://newsalesrep.com/effective-sales-closing-techniques/















 
Search Our Blog
Search for:



Search



SalesStaff Explained in 1 Minute 
 




Get Started with SalesStaff   100 Day Pilot
  Ask a General Question
  Call 1-888-591-8022
  View our White Papers
  View our Webinars
  Watch Testimonials
  Read Case Studies
  Latest Posts 

How B2B Sales Prospects Actually Want You to Follow Up.
February 17, 2017


The Most Important Factors Driving B2B Sales Deals to Close [Research]
February 15, 2017


The 5 Types of Decision-Makers and How to Sell to Them
January 25, 2017


The Evolution of B2B Sales Decisions and How they are Made [Infographic]
January 20, 2017


How to Differentiate Your B2B Sales Pitch / Presentation
January 6, 2017


 Posts By CategoryPosts By Category
Select Category
B2B Appointment Setting  (98)
B2B Content Marketing  (53)
B2B Demand Generation  (54)
B2B Email Marketing  (27)
B2B Inside Sales  (221)
B2B Lead Generation  (114)
B2B Marketing  (125)
B2B Sales  (260)
B2B Sales and Marketing Metrics  (93)
B2B Sales Closing  (65)
B2B Sales Management  (164)
B2B Social Media Marketing  (42)
Landing  (33)
Outsourced Inside Sales  (14)


Follow SalesStaff on Twitter Tweets by @SalesStaffLeads

Circle SalesStaff on G+ 



 


 
 









SalesStaff, LLC
			            	10701 Corporate Drive
			            	Third Floor
			            	Stafford, TX 77477
			            	Houston Metropolitan Area
			           	

							Phone: 888-591-8022
							Fax: 281-596-4476
							Email: info@salesstaff.com




Home
Our Method
Programs
Company



Our Expertise
B2B
Technology
Healthcare
Supply Chain & Logistics
Education
Energy
Manufacturing
Financial Services



Schedule Consultation
Contact Us
Sales Topics
 

Live Chat












		        © 2017 SalesStaff™, LLC. SalesStaff™ & its logo design are registered trademarks. Team.
		      




































 

