




























 



 Home



 U.K.



 News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Wires Home



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback








DailyMail






 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad






Liverpool v Chelsea in numbers
By

Press Association

Published:
  05:44 EST, 30 January 2017

 | 
Updated:
  05:44 EST, 30 January 2017













e-mail









Premier League leaders Chelsea play at Liverpool on Tuesday night.Here, we look at some of the key numbers ahead of the Anfield contest.55 points - Chelsea have 30 points more than they had after 22 Premier League games last season.




N'Golo Kante, left, and Adam LallanaOne point - Liverpool have one more point than Arsenal did when leading the Premier League last term after 22 games, but are fourth, 10 points behind Chelsea.15 - Premier League goals for Diego Costa. Sadio Mane is Liverpool’s top scorer with nine, the same tally as Chelsea’s Eden Hazard.One - win from seven games for Liverpool while Mane was absent at the African Nations Cup. The victory was at League Two Plymouth in a FA Cup third-round replay.15 - out of 16 Premier League wins for Chelsea in matches since successive defeats to Liverpool and Arsenal in September. The January 4 loss to Tottenham is the exception.Nine - changes made by both sides for the FA Cup fourth round against Championship opposition. Liverpool lost to Wolves, Chelsea beat Brentford.One - Premier League home loss this season for either side. Liverpool lost to Swansea in January and beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in September.£50million - the amount Chelsea paid Liverpool for striker Fernando Torres on transfer deadline day in January 2011.Five - successive seasons in which Chelsea and Liverpool met in the Champions League, from 2004-05 until 2008-09.15 - the shirt numbers of Daniel Sturridge and Victor Moses. The players have played for both Liverpool and Chelsea.



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail




















Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.









Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
DON'T MISS










          Jamie O'Hara 'confirms relationship with ex Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney' as they attend LFW show together after he split with Bianca Gascoigne 
          












          PICTURED: Jeremy Clarkson, 56, is spotted with new girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, as the pair touch down in Barbados for a romantic break
          
          Lucky man
        











          Katie Price flaunts her peachy derriere in a tiny thong as she shows the results of her TENTH non-surgical bum lift
          
          She wasted no time showing off the results 
        











          'I've loved every single minute': Robbie Fowler eliminated from The Jump after suffering a painful tumble in the final round... following the dreaded Skeleton challenge
          












          TOWIE's Gemma Collins continues to show off her weight loss in hot pink jumper and skinny jeans worn with killer heels 
          
          Keeping the pounds off
        














          Nicole Scherzinger shows off her ample assets and incredibly toned abs in tiny sports bra as she films a commercial in Cape Town
          












          Piers Morgan pulls out of hosting the Royal Television Society Awards after facing a 'silly' backlash from viewers and guests for supporting Trump
          












          Vogue Paris will be the first French magazine to feature a transgender model on the cover
          
          Valentina Sampaio from Brazil will grace the front page of fashion bible
        











          Stella Maxwell flashes her pert derrière and never-ending legs in tiny hotpants and fishnet tights as she puckers up to a female friend at LFW
          












          Billie Piper wears low-cut dotty dress as she pays tribute to her handsome Yerma co-star after winning Best Actress gong at WhatsOnStage Awards
          












          Changing rooms! Liam Payne 'set to renovate luxury home ahead of the birth of his first child with Cheryl'
          
          He has a six bedroom mansion in Sussex
        













          It was NOT the time of our lives! Dirty Dancing star Jennifer Grey reveals how Patrick Swayze's agonising injury almost ruined the iconic lake scene
          












          'It didn't hurt that badly': Kim Kardashian gets her stretch marks removed during visit to her cosmetic dermatologist
          
          Added bunny animation
        











          Hello from the other side: Adele smiles gleefully at son Angelo as she touches down in Sydney aboard a 'huge' private jet
          
          Exited a private jet 
        











          'My new roomie': Millie Mackintosh professes she's moved in with beau Hugo Taylor... just days after ex-husband Professor Green's 'engagement' announcement
          












          Model behaviour! Fearne Cotton struts her stuff in bold PVC dress as she storms the runway with Alice Dellal at star-studded Pam Hogg AW17 show
          












          Busty Kate Wright dresses to kill in a plunging green dress as she films TOWIE amid Rio Ferdinand romance rumours and showdown with ex Dan Edgar 
          












          Braless Georgia Kousoulou reveals a little too much in risqué cut-out bandeau top and matching sarong with extreme thigh-split as she films TOWIE special 
          












          Winnie Harlow teases her bralet in saucy unbuttoned shirt dress at Malone Souliers AW17 London Fashion Week presentation
          
          Tired of gowns?
        











          'We'd be over the moon': Ant describes hopes of having children with wife Lisa after previous struggles as he and Dec reveal the secrets of their successful marriages
          












          The caped crusader: Kate Bosworth keeps a low profile as she jets back home to LA after showing off her incredible style credentials at LFW
          














          Russell Simmons and Susan Sarandon among those protesting Donald Trump in 'Today, I Am A Muslim Too' rally in Times Square
          
          Rally held in New York
        











          Lottie Moss flaunts her toned legs in flirty floral skirt as she rules the LFW runway with Stella Maxwell and Lily Donaldson at Topshop Unique show
          












          TOWIE newcomer Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging emerald green minidress as she walks hand-in-hand with beau James Lock
          












          'They kept leaning across the table to get closer': Ryan Giggs and Gemma Atkinson 'enjoy intimate dinner date hours after his divorce battle is revealed'
          












          Love Island's Olivia Buckland stuns in white smock dress and very sexy suede thigh-high boots at glamorous Pam Hogg AW17 show at LFW
          












          'Somebody please help!' David Cassidy's fans take to social media with fears for the Partridge Family star as he struggles to remember lytics
          












          Emily Ratajkowski's 'iCloud is targeted by hackers AGAIN as private naked images of the beauty emerge online'
          
          Private nude snaps
        











          Green with envy! Megan Mckenna flaunts her enviable curves as she steps out with beau Pete Wicks for TOWIE filming in Essex
          
          Strutting her stuff
        











          Carrie Fisher predicted the date of her death ae wrote it on a cutout of Princess Leia she kept at her LA home
          
          Predicted death 'around' February 2017 
        











          Charlotte Crosby cosies up to Stephen Bear before he grabs her derriere in VERY cheeky video... leading to further confusion over on-off relationship
          














          The sun-seeker! The Who's Roger Daltrey, 72, shows off his muscular chest as he tops up his tan on a Florida beach
          
          Who's having a nice time?
        











          Jeremy Kyle's ex-wife Carla Germain is on the hunt for a replacement nanny after her original childminder struck up a relationship with the chat show host and now lives with him
          












          NYC adventures! Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis enjoy a Sunday walk with children Otis and Daisy
          
          They became a family of four last October
        











          'It's early days but they're an item again': Louis Tomlinson and Eleanor Calder 'get back together two years after they split'... as excited fans spot them wearing almost identical tops
          












          Love Island's Olivia Buckland stuns in white smock dress and very sexy suede thigh-high boots at glamorous Pam Hogg AW17 show at LFW
          












          'I love you soooo much!': Ashlee Simpson wishes dad Joe a happy birthday in a sweet Instagram photo amidst prostate cancer battle
          












          'I thought of how I might end it': Apprentice winner and Sky News presenter Michelle Dewberry reveals she was sectioned after her mother saved her from suicide
          












          Barefaced beauty! Kylie Jenner forgoes her usual makeup as she grabs low-key sushi lunch with Tyga
          
          She's usually seen with layers of makeup on
        











          Louise Redknapp storms LFW in two chic ensembles as she dons a sassy floral dress for Preen before flaunting her legs in a tiny skirt at Topshop Unique show 
          












          'They need to chill out!' Keith Duffy launches scathing tirade at 'arrogant' Kian Egan and Nicky Byrne after the Westlife stars slam 'aggravating' supergroup Boyzlife
          












          They could be sisters! Youthful Yasmin Le Bon, 52, and her daughter Amber, 27, look more like siblings as they step out at London Fashion Week
          
          Look incredible
        











          Chloe Khan leaves nothing to the imagination as she shows off her 32HH assets and endless legs in lace teddy 
          
          The 26-year-old CBB star 
        











          'You deserve all the love in the world': David Beckham pens heartwarming tribute to his sister Joanne on her birthday with adorable throwback snap
          
          His younger sister 
        











          Braless Chloe Ferry bares all through racy sheer mini as she joins VERY busty Sophie Kasaei and worse-for-wear Marnie Simpson while filming Geordie Shore 
          












          Adding to the collection! Paris Jackson shows off two new tattoos on Instagram... one behind her ear and one near her bosom
          














          While the cat's away, the glamourpuss will play! Braless Sam Faiers shows off her perky assets in perilously plunging mini while enjoying a night off mummy duties
          












          Chloe Madeley flaunts her ripped six pack in defiant selfies... as she brands trolls 'c**ks' for belittling her 11lbs weight loss
          












          Red hot romance! Jenna Dewan flaunts fab figure in bikini as she packs on PDA with Channing Tatum in Hawaii
          
          The stars looked especially loved up 
        











          Making a splash! Jennifer Connelly shows off trim figure in skimpy swimsuit during St Barts family getaway
          
          The mother of mother of three defies her 46 years
        











          'My well deserved war wounds!' Model Caprice shows off painful bruises from taking on 'the terrifying Skeleton' on The Jump... following Amy Willerton's crash on the same obstacle
          












          Sofia Richie, 18, flashes her bra in as she leads the glamour at Topshop Unique's LFW show... after fueling rumours of romance with Lewis Hamilton, 32
          












          Little Mix's Jesy Nelson squeezes her friend's chest and shows off her taut tum as she dances sexily during fun night out
          
          Jesy Nelson put on a naughty display 
        











          Tallia Storm flashes her bra in a daring sheer white top as she attends the Topshop Unique show during London Fashion Week
          












          Dust-up over an unpaid £250 cleaning bill... at Jamie Oliver's lavish Grade II-listed £10million mansion
          
          Paid only £350 for the £600 job
        











          Bring on the big Bridget Jones knickers! KATE GARRAWAY fights back against her midlife woes with cosmetic tweaks, a sex adventure and an underwear makeover
          












          'Paul McCartney wrote The Long and Winding Road for me': Tom Jones' best name-drop yet left Gavin Rossdale humiliated on The Voice, by JIM SHELLEY
          












          Casual in camouflage! Ryan Seacrest and model girlfriend Shayna Taylor leave gym session together
          
          They have reportedly been dating on-and-off since 2013
        











          Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sistine, 18, dazzles in a risqué cut-away gown as she's cheered on by sister Sophia and model mum Jennifer Flavin while walking for Topshop Unique at LFW
          












          Where's Buddy? Jesinta Campbell beams during fun-loving getaway with friends
          
          Jesinta Franklin (nee Campbell) attended a fashion launch solo
        











          Monochrome magic! Daisy Lowe oozes elegance in plunging blouse and figure-hugging midi-skirt as she leads the glamour at Roland Mouret's LFW show
          












          Her very own Marilyn moment! Daisy Lowe suffers wardrobe malfunction as gust of wind blows up her slinky white dress... after FOUR outfit changes in one day
          












          Something to tell us? Ciara hints that she is having a boy with a cryptic Instagram post about the colour blue  
          
          About to welcome a son into the world?
        











          Party in the USA! Miley Cyrus spends fun weekend with her famous family in Tennessee
          
          The Cyrus clan all have a very edgy look
        











          Giddy Lisa Appleton beams as she gets free liposuction on her inner thighs at a beauty salon in Blackpool
          
          She got 3D liposuction on her thighs for free
        











          Superhero welcome: Hugh Jackman is mobbed by fans as he arrives in Brazil to promote Logan with bandage on his nose covering his skin cancer removal
          












          'Stay the f**k out of my family life!' Danny Dyer's daughter lashes out at false claims her dad is facing the axe from EastEnders as 'he takes time out to battle personal issues'
          












          Chrissy Teigen teases a glimpse of her slender thighs in a velour dress and over-the-knee boots at Sports Illustrated event in Texas 
          












          Nikki Sanderson flashes her toned abs in a burgundy crop top and a miniskirt as she joins Hollyoaks co-stars for a night out
          
          In London on Saturday night
        











          'She's hot property!' Amanda Holden praises Scarlett Moffatt's break-up with boyfriend as the 'right thing to do' for boosting her career
          
          Dumped Luke Crodden in search for fame
        











          What an entrance! Vogue Williams suffers awkward wardrobe mishap as she flashes her underwear during arrival at Maybelline LFW party
          












          The couple who dresses alike... Jamie Campbell Bower and model girlfriend Matilda Lowther match in all-black ensembles at London Fashion Week 
          












          Olympic diver Tom Daley 'had an 18-month affair with a male model while his film director fiance worked abroad'
          
          The athlete is engaged to a film director 
        











          'I didn't walk out, I left to satisfy my baby hunger!' Julia Bradbury reveals the REAL reason she left Countryfile and why she went to a psychiatrist after 'hitting the buffers'
          












          'Ears to a good night! Spontaneous Adriana Lima gets painful piercing during raucous Fashion Week party in London
          
          She's been busy strutting down the catwalk 
        











          'I've never let anyone say no to me': How Amanda Holden high-kicked her way to the top and was rescued by therapy after her double childbirth trauma
          












          Danny Dyer 'boards a plane drinking beer' as he flees the UK for South Africa amid claims he is 'sorting his life out'... while EastEnders deny claims he is a diva to work with
          












          Girls' night out! Taylor Hill flashes her cleavage in skimpy lace bra and sheer top as she holds hands with equally sexy pal Stella Maxwell
          
          Strutted to the upscale Sexy Fish restaurant 
        











          Winnie Harlow flaunts her enviably lean legs in graphic T-shirt and racy caged heels as she joins fellow model Jourdan Dunn for wild night out
          
          Winnie Harlow, 22, partied the night away 
        











          'She's fed up with being defined by her boyfriends': Selena Gomez 'didn't attend the Grammys with the Weeknd in an attempt to separate her identity'
          
          Justin Bieber's ex
        











          Terror for Geordie Shore cast members as man falls through the roof and injures a young woman at a nightclub where they were partying
          












          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Spencer Matthews is handed a three-month 'keep out of trouble' curfew to spare the blushes of the Middletons 
          












          Richard Keys's wife Julia reveals how she found out the TV star was secretly seducing their daughter's friend after writing a spotters' guide to adultery 
          












          Who said twerking's over? Iggy Azalea shakes her shapely derrière in booty shorts and stripper heels in racy Instagram video 
          












          'I accept it but I don't respect it': Drake hits back over Kanye West 'publicly sh***ing on him' after he branded One Dance singer's music 'overplayed'
          
          They are both rappers at the top of their game 
        











          'She wouldn't really pick a Littlewoods coat over a Prada one': Coleen Rooney 'dropped from the retailer because they prefer down-to-earth Myleene Klass'
          












          Freeing the nipple! Elsa Hosk bares her chest in transparent shirt for racy bikini shoot in St Barts
          
          Earlier in the week she stormed down the runway for Philipp Plein 
        











          'It wouldn't work well without all three of them': Scarlett Moffatt's parents shockingly 'dropped' from Gogglebox after their 'celebrity' daughter leaves the show
          












          Rita Ora looks typically quirky in funky fluffy crop top with tough boots as she lives it up for pal's birthday 
          
          The 26-year-old stunning wore a funky pinstripe crop top
        











          Besotted Stephanie Waring flashes a hint of cleavage in chic jumpsuit as she celebrates her 39th birthday with boyfriend Michael Greco
          












          Katharine McPhee flaunts her shapely legs in a silky negligee-style dress and suede ankle boots as she steps out for dinner in West Hollywood 
          












          'He's the one': Vicky Pattison reveals she is determined to marry boyfriend John Noble... but rules out kids as they would 'ruin my body, steal my career and destroy my vagina'
          












          Rocco Ritchie beams from ear to ear as he makes first official appearance with girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded Versus Versace LFW show
          












          'It was handled well': Ashley Roberts confirms that she was REPLACED by Scarlett Moffatt on Saturday Night Takeaway
          
          Scarlett Moffatt starts next week
        











          Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipple-piercing in a see-through blouse as she sizzles in DropOne promo shoot
          












          Caitlyn Jenner stays glamorous in a nude leather jacket as she tucks into a burger courtside at LA basketball game
          
          She takes care with her appearance
        











          Kris Jenner's heavily damaged Rolls Royce is 'up for sale with an opening bid of $195,000'
          
          Crashed the car in August
        











          Miles Teller smooches his model girlfriend Keleigh Sperry as he celebrates his 30th birthday in LA
          
          Miles Teller had a birthday to remember 
        











          One proud mama! Madonna shares adorable video of newly-adopted Malawian twins Stella and Esther singing
          
          Uploaded a brief clip to Instagram 
        











          'I look forward to moving on': Kylie Minogue opens up for the first time about her broken engagement to Joshua Sasse
          
          Struggling after the split
        











          Neighbours actress Olympia Valance gets close to nature and flaunts her pert derrière in a skimpy burgundy bikini
          
          Sending fans into a frenzy
        











          'They're made for each other': Missé Beqiri looks sexy in PVC at LFW bash with beau Jake Hall... as it's revealed she's backing down from Real Housewives of Cheshire
          












          EastEnders bosses DENY new reports Danny Dyer acted like 'lord of the manor' on set... as star is spotted in South Africa in break from soap amid rumours he's spiralling out of control
          












          'Bliss... for now': Peter Andre gives fans a quick glimpse of baby son Theo as he documents sweet family day with daughters Princess, 9, and Amelia, three
          












          Thought the romance was off? Stephen Bear parades around naked in a racy video shot at the SAME rooftop hotel as Charlotte Crosby
          
          Bear bum
        











          Brooklyn Beckham wears his arm in a sling after snapping his collarbone snowboarding as his family head home from Canadian skiing trip
          
          A downcast figure 
        











          Smouldering at 63! Christie Brinkley is an ageless beauty at Vibes Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival as she is joined by daughter Sailor
          
          Swimsuit issue legend
        











          Sheridan Smith mixes up her trends in a red tunic, silk trousers and a biker jacket as she mingles with adoring fans after opening night of Funny Girl in Manchester
          












          New hair, don't care! Chris Hemsworth's stunning wife Elsa Pataky flaunts new do after getting the chop
          
          Elsa Pataky is known for her easy-going, bohemian attitude
        











          'I wanted to understand what my son's birth parents went through': Angelina Jolie returns to limelight for première of new Cambodia-based flick
          












          Quick change artist! Mariah Carey blows through THREE OUTFITS during her Beverly Hills shopping spree
          
          Enjoyed a day of luxury
        











          Kim Kardashian wears long fur coat as she steps out for romantic dinner date with husband Kanye West 
          
          Wore a brown fur coat with sheer plunging top 
        











          Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik flaunts her pert derrière in a racy belfie 
          
          As a Victoria's Secret model, she's no stranger to flaunting her enviable physique
        











          Heat in Houston! Ashley Graham stuns in figure hugging mini dress as Kate Upton wows in LBD at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Festival
          












          Bikini babe! Elle Fanning showcases her toned torso and lean limbs in blue swimsuit while filming her upcoming crime thriller Galveston
          












          Britney Spears makes sex tape and has a break-up dance-off with Justin Timberlake in 'unofficial' Lifetime movie Britney Ever After
          












          What a catch! Pregnant Hannah Jeter shows off bump in see-through fishnet number at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          
          Turned heads
        











          Ready to pop! Very pregnant Ciara hides baby bump in large varsity jacket for dinner out with husband Russell Wilson
          
          Looked like high school sweethearts 
        











          'She'll start dating when she's 45': Matt Le Blanc gives his daughter Marina, 13, dating advice
          












          Politically incorrect! RHOS star Lisa Oldfield has her TV introduction changed after complaining about being labelled a 'politician's wife' 
          
          She was outraged
        











          Winning Winnie! Model of the moment Harlow flaunts her enviable figure in heavily cut-out slinky gown as she closes Julien Macdonald's LFW show
          












          'I didn't know my parents were big until I was 13': Brooklyn Beckham discusses growing up with a famous family
          












          Let's hear it for the girls! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin celebrate Bella Hadid and Stella Maxwell's hit on the Versace catwalk with a group dinner in London
          












          Miranda is back... as a schoolgirl! New comedy inspired by her school days will launch on the Disney Channel 
          
          Fans of Miranda Hart can celebrate her return
        











          Bella Hadid dares to bare plenty of skin in racy mesh crop top as she leaves her London hotel for Fashion Week with blonde beauty Stella Maxwell
          












          Another day, another city! Gigi Hadid cuts a casual figure in leather pants and an oversized sweater as she promotes her Tommy Hilfiger line for London Fashion Week
          












          Lucy Mecklenburgh sports just a black bra under racy sheer top as she joins glamorous crowd at Maybelline LFW party
          
          The star turned heads
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Busty Danielle Armstrong smooches her footballer beau Daniel Spiller during Dubai holiday... as she flaunts her weight loss 
          












          Flashing a Lottie leg! Moss shows off her slim pins in slinky black dress teamed with casual denim jacket as steps out at Versus Versace LFW show
          












          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Beatrice and Eugenie's dreams to be treated as major royals are damaged after being overlooked in the Queen's charity roles 
          












          Victoria's Secret bombshell Georgia Fowler, 24, storms the runway in two VERY daring dresses for Julien Macdonald at London Fashion Week
          












          Double trouble! Tallia Storm ups the glamour in saucy leather skater dress while Nicola Hughes opts for a sexy secretary look at Maybelline LFW bash
          












          She's somebunny special! Nicola Roberts sports fashion forward rabbit print coords as Donna Air flaunts pins in skinny jeans at Markus Lupfer's LFW show
          












          Sizzling in scarlet! Vogue Williams stuns in semi sheer mini dress as she ditches the crutches to party at Maybelline LFW party despite painful injury
          












          Not too shabby! Boy George 'leases out' the Sydney mansion owned by ex TV executive David Leckie and wife Skye while he films The Voice Australia   
          












          Charming his way across town! Australian actor Eric Bana, 48, greets fans in Dublin, Ireland, promoting his new film The Secret Scripture
          












          Model magic! Adriana Lima and Jourdan Dunn put on VERY leggy displays in revealing ensembles as they party at star-studded Maybelline LFW event
          












          Sport reporter Sam Squiers and husband Ben announce they're expecting a baby...and reveal they suffered a miscarriage before falling pregnant again
          












          That turned sour real quick! Viewers SLAM 'rude' presenter Angela Scanlon as she interrupts Emma Willis during sweet story about her grandfather on The One Show
          












          Very hands on! Nina Agdal flaunts her long legs in ruffled miniskirt as she offers up a shave at SI Vibes Festival
          
          She's one of the world's leading models 
        











          Casual cool! Ashley Tisdale dresses down to take her cute pup Maui to visit  longtime friend Haylie Duff
          
          On Saturday, Ashley Tisdale was spotted
        











          Hugh Jackman admits to getting tearful while filming emotional scenes in Logan and says this is the LAST time he will ever play Wolverine 
          












          'He could end this single-handedly': Actress Leah Remini says Tom Cruise is the only person with the power to close the Church of Scientology
          












          Is that the Beast they can do? Why Emma Watson's new Disney film really rings a Belle... judging by the uncanny resemblances to the 1991 version 
          












          Daisy Lowe takes London Fashion Week by storm as she changes outfit THREE times flitting between catwalk shows
          
          Looked super hot
        











          'Coming soon...': Paulina Gretzky announces second baby with pro golfer fiancé Dustin Johnson
          
          Paulina Gretzky revealed she is pregnant 
        











          'No sugar, low carbs, vodka and soda': I'm A Celeb... host Julia Morris says it takes dedication to maintain her trim size 12 figure after she dropped 20kg
          












          Don't watch with mother! Maternity leave gets Fatal Attraction treatment in sensational new drama The Replacement
          
          Reflects grim reality
        











          Leggy blonde! Ellie Goulding flaunts her lean limbs in metallic and black mini skirt at Versus Versace LFW show
          












          Star in stripes! Kate Bosworth shows off lithe figure in a black and white shirt dress as she joined celebrities at the House Of Holland LFW show
          












          Battle of the bricks! Matt Damon's The Great Wall fails to topple Lego Batman Movie after crumbling debut 
          
          It has all of Donald Trump's favourite words
        











          Taking the plunge! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in cleavage-baring jumpsuit onstage at the London Palladium
          
          Remnants enjoyed a UK release in October
        











          Family time! Liv Tyler bundles up in a fur-lined parka as she enjoys stroll in London with her baby daughter Luna
          
          She bundled up on a winter day in London 
        











          Fan frenzy! Chris Hemsworth shows off his casual style in an all black ensemble at Los Angeles airport as he is swamped by admirers
          
          He's never been known for taking fashion risks
        











          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Alice Manners, 21, and her new beau Otis Ferry, 34, set fire to their sofa on their first Valentine's Day as a couple
          












          Rita Ora puts on a leggy display in monogrammed miniskirt and jacket as she enjoys casual night out in LA
          
          Head-to-toe Louis Vuitton
        











          Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry Instagram snap after jetting into London for Fashion Week 
          
          Sexy look
        











          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: BBC correspondent 'Beirut Beefcake' seeks a love story by posting screengrabs on Tinder of himself reporting on Syria 
          












          Kirsten Dunst keeps it casual in dark hues as she flashes engagement sparkler on coffee run
          
          She's usually the pinnacle of fashion when she steps out
        











          Lady Kitty Spencer oozes sex appeal in VERY low cut tropical print dress at Julien Macdonald's LFW show while Lady Victoria Hervey covers up 
          












          Kristina Rihanoff shows off her athletic post-baby figure in daring puce mini-dress as she cozies up to Ben Cohen at the Julien MacDonald show for London Fashion Week
          












          The cool kids: Anais Gallagher stuns in printed tea dress and preppy loafers as she cuddles up to Rafferty Law at Tommy Hilfiger LFW party
          












          Gigi Hadid transforms from Californian golden girl to futuristic vixen behind-the-scenes at Versus Versace's London Fashion Week show
          












          Kylie Minogue is smiling again as she poses with love heart balloon amid rumours she will host Blind Date reboot... just weeks after announcing split from fiance Joshua Sasse
          












          Emily Ratajkowski flaunts washboard abs and enviably slender figure in array of sizzling bikini snaps as she reminisces on tropical getaway
          












          Ultra-bronzed Lottie Moss flashes a hint of her toned stomach in lacy crop top and leather trousers as she parties in London
          
          Racy look
        











          'We're so lucky to have each other': Nicole Kidman says 'commitment and kindness' is the secret to her marriage to Keith Urban as they celebrate their 11th anniversary
          












          Ready for bed? Pascal Craymer goes braless as she rocks bizarre pyjama-style outfit to attend Asley Isham show for LFW 
          
          Comfy style
        











          Sparkling Snowdon! Lisa brings the dazzle to Julien Macdonald's LFW show in eye-catching glittery trousers
          
          She looked the picture of happiness 
        











          CBB star Calum Best cuts a casual figure as he heads out in Blackpool... after partying with scantily-clad beauties in club
          












          Chloe Meadows lends TOWIE co-star Jamie Reed a supportive ear over coffee amid claims his girlfriend Amber Turner cheated on him with Dan Edgar
          












          Fashionista Alexa Chung covers up in a demure peasant-style dress teamed with black tights as she steps out at the J.W. Anderson LFW show
          












          'I was victimized and vilified': Mariah Carey says she was upset 'people didn't understand' what she went through over NYE mishap
          












          Let's roll! Modern mom Cate Blanchett takes daughter Edith for a ride around town on her scooter
          
          Cate Blanchett is ever the doting mother
        











          Eclectic Maggie Gyllenhaal is typically striking in a low cut gold and black floral gown as she hits the red carpet at the Berlin Film Festival
          
          Known for her quirkiness
        











          Kirsty Gallacher stuns in chic denim dress as she joins Emmerdale's Natalie Anderson for glamorous turnout at Jasper Conran A/W '17 LFW show
          












          'Harvey has been waiting ten years!' Katie Price SLAMS 'd**k' Dwight Yorke on Twitter as she claims he hasn't seen their son for a decade
          












          Bottom's up! Bella Thorne shows off her perky posterior in sultry bikini shot before kissing gal pal on vacation
          
          Lets her wild side show
        











          Angelina Jolie dazzles in hot pink chiffon gown as she's honoured at opening ceremony for new Cambodia-based flick
          
          Pink couldn't be hotter
        











          Curves for days! Ashley Graham flaunts hourglass figure while sitting pretty in white robe for hotel room snap
          
          Before Sports Illustrated Swimsuit launch party
        











          'That bikini's almost gone!' Pia Muehlenbeck sizzles in holiday snap as the bikini model flaunts her pert derrière in tiny G-string and sends fans into a frenzy
          












          Louis Tomlinson's sister Lottie makes a rare appearance at London Fashion Week two months after their mother's death... following a day out with Harry Styles' sister Gemma
          












          Stitch-up! The Great British Sewing Bee is ditched after the BBC fails to commission a new series as 20,000 fans sign a petition in protest
          












          From Strictly to speedy! Drama on the set of Top Gear as Ore Oduba's car spins out of control on the race track and an ambulance is seen at the scene
          












          Pooch smooch! Sheridan Smith can't contain her giggles as she puckers up to her pet dog Pandora for Funny Girl photocall
          
          Kissing with tongues!
        











          Tell him boy bye! Pregnant Beyonce flashes the middle finger with mum Tina Knowles at post awards bash... after missing out on top Grammy gong
          












          Selfies on the slopes! Princess Mary and Prince Frederik take time off to enjoy a ski holiday with their four young children in Switzerland
          












          Robin Thicke emerges at LAX after dramatic standoff with ex Paula Patton during attempted visitation with son
          
          Looked stony faced following the clash
        











          On the piste! Holly Willoughby enjoys a tipple with husband Dan Baldwin as they relax on idyllic skiing holiday with their three children
          
          Lucky guys!
        











          Jennifer Connelly, 46, looks fantastic in stylish bikini as she holidays with husband Paul Bettany and kids in St Barts
          
          Looked sensational
        











          'Where is the science?' Robert De Niro AGAIN questions vaccine safety and calls for an 'independent commission'
          












          Ashley James stuns in sexy khaki dress and military boots as she jokes around with SpongeBob Squarepants at LFW Design collective
          












          'There is absolutely no truth in it!' BBC DENIES Danny Dyer is set to get the axe from EastEnders amid rumours he is spiraling out of control
          












          'No time for makeup!': Liv Tyler shows off her natural beauty in cute photo with children Sailor and Lula
          
          Enjoying motherhood
        











          'Daddy's girl': Coronation Street star Shayne Ward offers fans first glimpse of baby Willow... after welcoming first child two months ago
          
          Doting dad
        











          Pharrell Williams makes his first appearance at BET's American Black Film Festival Honors since wife Helen Lasichanh welcomed triplets
          












          Tallia Storm flashes her bra in lace semi-sheer top as she joins glamorous Ella Eyre at star-studded Julien Macdonald A/W '17 show during London Fashion Week
          












          I'm out of here! Chris Martin jets out of rainy LA after saving charity event with last minute performance 
          
          Chris to the rescue
        











          Cover girls Kate Upton and Hannah Jeter stun as they match in black at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          
          Looking gorgeous
        











          EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Zoe Saldana and Marco Perego step out with son Zen after secret arrival of new family member
          












          Kendall Jenner rocks an opulent fur jacket with a red tracksuit as she jets into London with fellow model Bella Hadid for Fashion Week
          












          Blondes have more fun! Kim Kardashian appears to have platinum locks again as she wishes Paris Hilton a Happy Birthday on Snapchat
          












          'Keep up the good work': TOWIE's Gemma Collins stuns fans with her remarkable weight loss as she flaunts her new figure in a series of skintight ensembles
          












          'Snow bunny' Harper Beckham, five, gets a skiing lesson from doting dad David during family skiing holiday in Canada
          
          Hit the slopes
        











          Gwen Stefani embraces a casual look as she steps out in LA... before sharing heartwarming picture of her youngest son Apollo
          












          'Cheers to the mum-ophobic waiter': Phoebe Burgess posts rant about being kicked out of a cafe with her SLEEPING newborn daughter Poppy
          












          Like mother, like daughter: TOWIE'S Lydia Bright shows off her slender legs in silk kimono dress as she enjoys fashionable night out with mum Debbie
          












          Model Neelam Gill stuns in a quirky silk tracksuit as she parties the night away at Missguided bash during London Fashion Week
          












          The Saturdays singer Una Healy teases her cleavage in a keyhole cut-out  dress as she continues to promote solo material in Ireland
          












          David Baddiel reveals he and his brothers are 'frightened' of his father as he opens up about his dementia ordeal in a searingly honest documentary
          












          Golden girl! Christie Brinkley, 63, dazzles mini dress while joined by daughter Sailor, 18, at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival 
          












          Bella Thorne flaunts her incredibly flat stomach in a TINY printed blue bikini as she hits the beach during idyllic Mexican getaway
          
























Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes



more


































	SHARE PICTURE
      














Copy link to paste in your message

















































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 




















