












NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


























 shares
















 




 





















Search
						











Standout
Trending Topics
Sports
Celebs
Society
Spotlight












 








 

















Manchester United 0 | FA Cup
             

 UPDATED 3 weeks ago







FA Cup
League One Millwall capped a significant week in their existence with a 1-0 home victory over Watford that took them into the fifth round of the FA Cup.

And the Elland Road club showed little interest themselves in progressing to the fifth round and ended the game with 10 men.

Pics: Bastian Schweinsteiger and Man Utd squad arrive for Wigan FA Cup clash.Leeds United saw Premier League promotion rivals Newcastle and Brighton crash out of the FA Cup yesterday.

Joyce takes his Wigan side to Old Trafford for the FA Cup fourth round tie on Sunday.

He oversaw the development of several players at United as both players made their way into the first-team.

Only 38% possession, but they had 13 shots to Watford’s four, which tells its own story.

Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho is aiming to lead United to the fifth round of the FA Cup, days after his side booked a place in the EFL Cup final.

Wolves caused a major FA Cup upset at Anfield to complete one of the worst weeks of Jurgen Klopp’s managerial career.

Updates from the fourth-round FA Cup tie at Old Trafford; Live scores and fixtures: keep up with all of today’s games; Email michael.butler@theguardian.com.FORMER Liverpool star Mark Lawrenson has admitted his old club deserved their 2-1 FA Cup defeat to Wolves.

Manchester United fans stunned as Bastian Schweinsteiger STARTS FA Cup clash against Wigan.

BASTIAN SCHWEINSTEIGER will start in the Man Utd line-up to face Wigan in the FA Cup.

Jose Mourinho has named his Manchester United starting line-up to face Wigan Athletic at Old Trafford , making nine changes to the side that played in Thursday’s EFL Cup semi-final second leg against Hull City.Rafa Benitez has spoken about Aleksandar Mitrovic’s performance in Newcastle United’s FA Cup defeat.

Last season’s semi-finalists are out of the FA Cup and next face the daunting prospect of a trip to Arsenal.

I said it at the top of the MBM, I fancied a Millwall win today, and after a magnificent week for the club off the pitch, they fully deserved their win.

Man United take on Wigan, as the Red Devils bid to retain the trophy they won last season.

Mark Lawrenson: My thoughts on Liverpool’s shock FA Cup defeat to Wolves.

Whites enjoy a Sunday stroll against Premier League outfit as they win 4-1 and make it through to fifth round.

Oxford United beat Rafa Benitez’s weakened side 3-0 yesterday at the Kassam Stadium.

The veteran German had previously featured for just 16 minutes this season, but he was given his long-awaited chance on Sunday.

Cesc Fabregas says Liverpool’s FA Cup defeat to Wolves served as a reminder of the need to “give 100 per cent” in every game.
























FA Cup


















































































































          Copyright © 2014. 
          
NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


































