


  










 
















Navigate 


Championship

Clubs A-H

Aston Villa
Barnsley
Birmingham City
Blackburn Rovers
Brentford
Brighton & Hove Albion
Bristol City
Burton Albion
Cardiff City
Derby County
Fulham
Huddersfield Town


Clubs I-Z

Ipswich Town
Leeds United
Newcastle United
Norwich City
Nottingham Forest
Preston North End
Queens Park Rangers
Reading
Rotherham United
Sheffield Wednesday
Wigan Athletic
Wolverhampton Wanderers




League 1

Clubs A-M

AFC Wimbledon
Bolton Wanderers
Bradford City
Bristol Rovers
Bury
Charlton Athletic
Chesterfield
Coventry City
Fleetwood Town
Gillingham
Milton Keynes Dons
Millwall


Clubs N-Z

Northampton Town
Oldham Athletic
Oxford United
Peterborough United
Port Vale
Rochdale
Scunthorpe United
Sheffield United
Shrewsbury Town
Southend United
Swindon Town
Walsall




League 2
Transfers
Retained List
 







ProSportsImages.co.uk

Brighton & Hove Albion
Brighton close in on loan deal for young Arsenal striker

By 
James O'Rourke

on								
Jan 30, 2017



 0 Comments



ProSportsImages.co.uk







      
The Mirror understands that young Arsenal striker Chuba Akpom is set to link up with Sky Bet Championship title challengers Brighton & Hove Albion for the remainder of the season. The 21-year-old has only made one appearance for the Gunners this season, and is set to move away to enhance his opportunities at regular game time.

Just a solitary display in the EFL Cup victory over Nottingham Forest at the City Ground earlier this season in the only time Akpom has pulled on an Arsenal jersey for many months. He can now be expected to head to the Amex Stadium for the rest of the campaign to help Chris Hughton’s men get over the line and into the promised land of the Premier League for the first time.
Hughton suffered humiliation at the weekend when coming off second best to National League leaders Lincoln City in the Fourth Round of the Emirates FA Cup. The former Newcastle, Norwich and Birmingham manager elected to make several changes to his starting eleven, which ultimately backfired. With those players in reserve not necessarily doing a great deal to increase their chances of breaking into the starting eleven, Hughton wants to add another striker to compliment the likes of Glenn Murray, Sam Baldock and Tomer Hemed with the Seagulls.
Akpom spent time with Hull City last season and Brighton’s Championship rivals Aston Villa had also shown an interest in the Englishman in recent times as well. However, Brighton look set to pip Steve Bruce’s men to this deal and bolster their forward options in time for the run-in.

      






About Author



James O'Rourke


I currently work as a Championship Research Analyst for Onside Analysis Ltd. In this role I provide match previews and reviews for every Championship game. I also delve into matches from all across the globe, gaining an insight into football from different leagues in different countries. I came into this role shortly after graduating from The University of Hull after studying BSc Sports Coaching & Performance. I am a Lincoln City fan and hopefully one day they'll return to The 72!



Related Posts







Feb 19, 2017 

0

Brighton: Bracing Baldock admits it was fair for him to be booked








Feb 19, 2017 

0

Police fail to move Newcastle vs Leeds United game – 4 team clash in North East








Feb 19, 2017 

0

Charlton: Arsenal loanee almost scores goal of the season











 
Football News 24/7 



 



 

 


My Tweets


 
 
 




About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise




 




















