








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		30Jan							


Arsenal vs Watford live online coverage: Prediction, team news, line-ups, start time, live, TV, head to head, odds – London football Premier League preview


by earnedgy in Evening Standard
No Comments »






 


With Liverpool and Chelsea facing off on Tuesday night, Arsenal will be looking to capitalise on any potential slip-ups from their Premier League rivals as they welcome Watford.
Arsene Wenger’s Gunners sit eight points behind Chelsea with 16 games remaining, and need Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool to do them a favour and beat Antonio Conte’s league leaders to open up the title race.
Arsenal must overcome Walter Mazzarri’s Watford in a London derby at Emirates Stadium to put pressure on the Blues, and the Hornets are winless in seven league games.
Wenger will be serving the second game of his four-match touchline ban against Watford, but with a trip to Stamford Bridge up next for the Gunners, Arsenal do not their coach on the sidelines to remind them that Tuesday’s encounter could be an important stepping stone to a potentially decisive title clash this weekend.
Read Standard Sport’s comprehensive preview below…
START TIME
Arsenal host Watford at Emirates Stadium with kick-off scheduled for 7:45pm on Tuesday, January 31.





In Pictures | Arsenal’s last gasp strikes | 2016-17




LIVE COVERAGE
The match will not be televised live in the UK, but you can follow all the build-up and action from 6:45pm with Standard Sport’s London Football live blog. Enter your email address below to be informed when coverage begins.

 

Can’t see the live blog? Click here to view our desktop site.
TEAM NEWS
Santi Cazorla is now the only absentee for Arsenal, though the Spanish midfielder may be out for the rest of the season with his achilles injury.
Danny Welbeck returned in style in the FA Cup, scoring the first two goals in a 5-0 away win against Southampton on Saturday to hand Wenger a striking dilemma regarding his front line.
The manager must decide whether to stick with the likes of Welbeck and Walcott – who scored a hat-trick against the Saints – or restore Olivier Giroud to the starting line-up against Watford.
With Mohamed Elneny still at the African Cup of Nations, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could continue in central midfield after an excellent showing at St Mary’s.
Mazzarri will almost certainly be without Costel Pantilimon after the goalkeeper was injured in the FA cup exit at Millwall, but Heurelho Gomes was likely to start at the Emirates anyway.
Christian Kabasele may return from injury, while Valon Behrami (hamstring), Nordin Amrabat (ankle) and Isaac Success (hamstring) are all doubts. Roberto Pereyra remains out with a serious knee injury.
New forwards Mauro Zarate and M’Baye Niang will both be pushing for a start at the Emirates, but may well be used off the bench in the second half.





In Pictures | Southampton vs Arsenal | 28/01/2017




POSSIBLE LINE-UPS
Arsenal starting XI: Cech; Bellerin, Mustafi, Koscielny, Monreal; Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ramsey; Walcott, Ozil, Sanchez; welbeck
Watford starting XI: Gomes, Kaboul, Prodl, Britos, Janmaat, Capoue, Doucoure, Holebas, Cleverley, Okaka, Deeney
HEAD-TO-HEAD

PREDICTION

BETTING ODDS (via 888 Sport)
Arsenal to win: 1/4
Draw: 11/2
Watford to win: 12/1
Odds correct as of 12pm on January 30.Click here to place a bet.
 
 Reuse content
              

Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



