











Advertisements





 
She Wore A Yellow Ribbon
An Arsenal blog written by Arsenal fans for Arsenal fans.


Menu
Skip to content
Home
Shop
The Arsenal and Me
Guest Blogs

A to Z of Transfer Speculation
Matchday Pictures
Highbury Classics
8 Years and We’ve Won F**k All


About
Charity
Contact Us / Links
 







Defining 7 days for The Arsenal

Leave a reply 


The next week is set to be the most crucial of the season in the Premier League.
By this time next week, Arsenal could be 14 points behind Chelsea. Out of the title race. Goodnight, Vienna. But if results go Arsenal’s way, it could be a 2 point title race. Bring it on!
Tomorrow Chelsea travel to Anfield to play Liverpool. The Scousers are in terrible form. Just a single win this calendar year, against Plymouth. They have just been knocked out of the League Cup and FA Cup. Currently 10 points behind in the Premier League, defeat tomorrow for them is simply not an option. It will mean their season is over in January.

Liverpool will need to go all out for a win, but in their form, they will struggle. Although Jurgen Klopp, and Liverpool, do have a habit of raising their game against a bigger side, only to then lose the next week against someone like Crystal Palace.
The  same day, Arsenal host Watford.
The Premier League is the toughest in the world. We have seen Klopp & Pep Guardiola struggle this season with a competitiveness that they have simply not been used to in their managerial careers. A tough game every weekend, rather than a tough game once a month. And that is why we can not take a game for granted, even a home tie against Watford.
On paper, Arsenal should beat Watford easily. We have not lost in the league to them since 1988 in the Old First Division. Although Wednesday will be just the 8th time the sides have met since then.
Since their return to the Premier League last season, Arsenal have scored 10 goals in 3 games, conceding just once. However this time last year Watford knocked Arsenal out of the FA Cup, winning 2-1 at the Emirates. It was the quarter final stage and denied Arsenal 7th visit to Wembley in just over 2 years. That was Watford’s only victory over Arsenal in 9 games.
Then on Saturday Arsenal travel to Stamford Bridge for the game which will define our season.
Even if Arsenal beat Watford and Chelsea lose to Liverpool, the game against Chelsea will still be win or bust.
Arsenal have not won away from home against Chelsea since 2011, and have beaten Chelsea just once, home or away, since that game (I do not count the Community Shield as a competitive game). Arsenal’s record against Chelsea in the last 13 years is nothing short of atrocious.
Pre-Abramovich, Chelsea could not beat Arsenal. During the Abramovich era, the form between the sides has done a 180, and Arsenal have struggled to get the 3 points.
3-0 was the scoreline earlier in the season. A result which had many writing Chelsea off as a threat in the title race. But an incredible run of form of 15 wins in 16 games has seen Chelsea go from 8th to 1st, clear in the league by 8 points. Chelsea are a different side to that which we faced earlier this season.
Arsenal win, the title race is on. Chelsea win, you might as well do the trophy presentation after the game.
14 points or 2 points. The next 7 days will define this years Premier League season.
Keenos
Follow @KeenosAFC


Advertisements





Share this:TweetShare on TumblrLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 

			This entry was posted in Arsenal and tagged Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, She Wore, She Wore A Yellow Ribbon, watford on January 30, 2017 by keenosafc.								


Post navigation
← Arsenal’s Spring Break, Klopp’s Liverpool Form & Transfer’s
Sutton Away loophole, Fans set for refund, Transfer deadline day & Watford →



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 








Advertisements





  Arsenal News 24/7 



Clock wallclock.£54 + pphttps://t.co/rs8Od31XKA pic.twitter.com/d6kpPS1FA3— SheWoreAYellowRibbon (@SheWore) July 28, 2016
Keep smarty. ..

All the cufflinks and tie pins ..

https://t.co/Ak9QKzWXQI pic.twitter.com/NLxyNpANwQ— SheWoreAYellowRibbon (@SheWore) November 23, 2015

 
Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 


My Tweets 




Top Posts & Pages 

						She Wore A Yellow Ribbon, The Arsenal's Wembley Song					



						What has happened to Arsenal's sleeve tradition?					



						How long is the Arsenal season ticket waiting list?					



						9 years no trophies for The Arsenal, but what about other clubs?					



						Shop					



						Is Arsene Wenger one of the GREATEST ever managers?					



						The Curse of The Arsenal Number 9					



						Arsenal Songs - 49 49 Undefeated.....49 49 I Say.....					



						How Arsenal's Stadium would look with safe standing					



						Sutton Away loophole, Fans set for refund, Transfer deadline day & Watford					

  
Terms & Conditions
 
Copyright © 2016 SheWore.com
 



Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

















Post to



Cancel







 

















 
 
%d bloggers like this:







