







































Search:












Home


News
 Absa Premiership
World News
First Division
National Teams
SA Players Abroad
Features
All News
 

Teams
 PSL Clubs

Ajax Cape Town
Baroka FC
Bidvest Wits
Bloemfontein Celtic
Cape Town City
Chippa United
Free State Stars
Golden Arrows
Highlands Park
Kaizer Chiefs
Mamelodi Sundowns
Maritzburg United
Orlando Pirates
Platinum Stars
Polokwane City
SuperSport United

National Teams

South Africa
South Africa Senior Women
South Africa U-17
South Africa U-20
South Africa U-23

 

Leagues & Cups
 Absa Premiership
Africa Cup of Nations
CAF Champions League
CAF Confederation Cup
First Division
MTN8
Nedbank Cup
Telkom Knockout Cup
Diski Challenge
Cosafa Cup
Carling Black Label Champion Cup
UEFA Champions League
2018 World Cup Qualifiers
 

KickOff TV


Lifestyle


Premier Club


Games
 Fantasy League
Predictor Game
 

Forum















Home   >   News   >   Egypt assessing arsenals mohamed elneny ahead of african nations cup semi final with burkina faso  







 




Related News

Real Madrid go four clear in La Liga
Millwall shock Prem champs Leicester
Ayew eager to make up for lost time
Wenger: Bayern defeat 'a nightmare'
City's Jesus suffers metatarsal fracture

Related Club News

Wenger will coach next season ... somewhere
Bayern outclass Arsenal in CL
'Ozil's an icing-on-the-cake player'
Chelsea go 12 points clear
Hornets gun down Arsenal 



Tweet













Egypt assessing Arsenal's Mohamed Elneny ahead of African Nations Cup semi-final with Burkina Faso 



Posted: 30 January 2017
Time: 09:24


Print this article



Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny will undergo tests on the calf injury that forced him to miss Egypt’s victory over Morocco on Sunday night in Port Gentil. 
Elneny will be further examined today and if the injury is of such severity that he misses the rest of the Africa Cup of Nations he will then immediately return to England for treatment, with his club already being kept up to date on developments around the injury.
The Pharaohs still have another two games to play here in Gabon – a semi-final against Burkina Faso on Wednesday and then either the final or third place play-off at the weekend depending on the outcome of their last-four match.
“Considering the injury of Mohammed Elneny he has a strain in his muscle and we are going to send a medical report to his club Arsenal about his injury because he was injured and we discovered this today (Sunday) this morning,” said Egypt coach Hector Cuper after the semi-final win over Morocco last night.
READ: Coper relieved by Morocco scalp
Egypt will be hoping he recovers for the remainder of the tournament while for his club he will still miss out on the huge weekend clash against Chelsea.
Elneny has 22 appearances – mostly from the bench – for The Gunners this season.
“Mohammed is going to be examined and be treated during the coming days and we hope that if we manage to reach the final then he can participate with us and have a chance to join the team again. As for Marwan [Mohsen] who was injured during the game it looked like a big injury, it looked like that on the pitch but the doctor is still going to work on him and examine him and we will know further about it tomorrow,” explained Cuper. By Lovemore Moyo in Gabon, courtesy of SuperSport
	Ad: 
	
		Make sure your family is covered with an Old mutual Funeral Plan
	
 


















Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

Note: LIVEFYRE is CLOSING DOWN. Adobe have decided to close down the LiveFyre comments system from 9 March 2017. We advise that all users switch to using the new Disqus comment system as soon as possible to ensure a smooth transition.








Terms of use:
The comments posted do not reflect the views of KickOff.com. Users are reminded that no misuse of this comment facility will be tolerated. Any abusive, racist, inflammatory, defamatory, discriminatory comments or hate speech will be deleted and the user banned.
	If legally obliged we will hand over your information under the Protection of Information Act.
	Please report abusive posts to editor@kickoff.com.














 









Absa Premiership

News
Fixtures / Results
League Tables
Top Scorers
Videos



First Division

News
Fixtures / Results
League Tables
Videos



Leagues & Cups

News
Fixtures
Results
Videos



National Teams

Bafana Bafana
Under-23s
Under-20s
Under-17s
Banyana Banyana



Talk with Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube








World News

News
Features
Videos



Multimedia

Galleries
Videos



Contact Us

Editorial
Advertising
Competition Winners







Advertising
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Terms and Conditions
KickOff Mobile




Editorial: +27 (0) 21 408 3996
Advertising: +27 (0)11 505 5703
Email: Mark.herman@media24.com
Twitter: KickOffMagazine




Copyright © Kick Off 2017
All Rights Reserved






realnet - your online advantage




