












NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS





NEWS HEADLINES AND THE WORLD. THE LATEST NATIONAL, WORLD, BUSINESS, SPORT, ENTERTAINMENT AND TECHNOLOGY NEWS.
    





















 shares
















 




 





















Search
						











Standout
Trending Topics
Sports
Celebs
Society
Spotlight












 








 

















Lionel Messi fan leaves Afghanistan after Taliban threats, father says | Lionel Messi
             

 UPDATED 9 months ago







Lionel Messi
The family of a 5-year-old Afghan boy who received autographed shirts from Barcelona star Lionel Messi, his football hero, has been forced to leave Afghanistan amid constant telephone threats and a menacing letter from the Taliban, the boy’s father said.

A Japanese game show recently tested out the “Why don’t you just play with a huge goalkeeper who can block the whole goal?” theory on Lionel Messi. He showed that, even if you get a nightmarish, house-sized Miitomo-looking demon to guard the goal,
Lionel Messi will not be part of the Argentina squad that will be competing for gold at the Olympic Games, but Gerardo Martino stressed the Barcelona talisman understands his absence.
Lionel Messi and Argentina are among the favorites to win the tournament, which will take place between June 3 and 26 in the United States.Messi is the greatest in the history of football.

Of course, there are two games yet to play and this is Ronaldo and Messi we are talking about.

Stephen Curry might be sidelined for the start of the second round of the playoffs, but the Golden State Warriors guard is still putting up big numbers  at least on social media.
Many people wonder if there’s anything that can stop Lionel Messi. A Japanese game show recently tested out the theory of having a goalkeeper who’s bigger than the entire goal itself to try and stop him.
Lionel Messi has once again proven his reputation as a man who’s not afraid of any challenge no matter how unorthodox.

Cristiano Ronaldo’s muscle injury will keep him out of Real Madrid’s visit to Real Sociedad, meaning Lionel Messi has another chance to close the goals gap between the two.
And while the five-time FIFA world player of the year might be the envy of almost every football fan in the world, Dr Poser revealed that even Messi can’t have anything he wants.

Do not adjust your screens; Martin Keown has effectively claimed that Andros Townsend has a better left foot than Lionel Messi. Andros Townsend won’t be buying a pint in Newcastle any time soon . And everyone else in football, for that matter.

At 19 years old the highly-rated Valencia kid was heading on loan to Rangers and the club had high expectations.
Stephen Curry is getting a nice little something from Lionel Messi - one of the soccer icon’s signed jerseys.
























Lionel Messi















































































































          Copyright © 2014. 
          
NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


































