









MenuHome
Football	-European Leagues
-Nigeria Football League
-UEFA Champions League

Athletics
Basketball
Tennis
Formula 1
Other Sports	-Boxing
-Golf







Home
Football

European Leagues
Nigeria Football League
UEFA Champions League


Athletics
Basketball
Tennis
Formula 1
Other Sports

Boxing
Golf





























Football
Kanu Nwankwo Reveals Players Who Can Help Arsenal Win EPL

						By Fido | January 27, 2017
0 Comments







Tweet





Pin It




Nigeria and Arsenal legend Nwankwo Kanu believes the Gunners can win the English Premier League title this season if they can retain Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil.
The former Super Eagles captain spent five years spell at the North London club and still follows his beloved Gunners from Nigeria. Kanu also often chats to his former boss Arsene Wenger.
”It is important to keep your best players if you want to move forward – they are great players so why should they leave a great club?” Kanu told SunSport, referring to Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez who appear reluctant to sign new contracts.



“The fans love them and Arsenal must do everything they can to keep them.”
Kanu is however worried that Arsenal have struggled to win games against modest opposition, like last weekend’s home Premier League victory over Burnley, where the Gunners needed a co troversial last-gasp winner.
He added: “My advice to Arsenal would be to be able to really see off teams. If they are one goal up, they have to make sure they finish the game strongly and not let other teams back into the game.
“I believe they are getting a team now that can win ugly, play bad and still get three points – it’s not all about winning 5-0.
“The more points they can grind out, the more they do that, the more chance I believe they have to finally win the league and catch Chelsea.
“Every club has weaknesses, Arsenal has been there before and this time they have a better chance as long as they do not lose focus in each game.”
Kanu, 40, admits he is still a fan of Arsene Wenger and has rubbished calls for the Frenchman to leave Arsenal.
He said: “Wenger has always been the right man for Arsenal, there is never any question. They are second this season, they are not exactly doing badly – and they have a fantastic team.
“I am friends with everybody from that team and time. I always try and keep in touch and it is very easy to talk to Wenger. We have been there and done that and we have lots of good memories.”
Kanu still counts as his favourite one of the the goals in his hat-trick in a comeback 3-2 over Chelsea in 1999.
 “I have a lot of best goals, but the third goal against Chelsea was special,” he said. “I felt proud and the whole hat-trick was amazing, but that third goal was probably my favourite. It was the winner, it was from a very difficult angle and it made me so happy.
“Often I think about it, and when I wake up I remember how difficult it is for a footballer to leave the game he loved since he was a boy.
“We enjoy it and breathe it then, but you wish in your heart that you can play forever. But I realise that I had to do other things, when it is over it is over.
“I am proud to be a role model as one of the first Africans in the Premier League. I did great when I was here, and as you win more trophies you will inspire others – so I hope I played a small part.
“I did a lot within football and the foundation (Kanu Heart Foundation) came about because I had some issues with my own heart – but I could still play football. 
“I said I had to give back after I was healthy again. Back home in Nigeria it is hard for people to get a check-up and give kids a chance to have the best treatment – but we have done some amazing work.”
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Related


Related ItemsAlexis SanchezArsenalKanu NwankwoMesut Ozil







Fido
•Sport writer/blogger • Media strategist •Good citizen of Nigeria and Social Media Evangelist and a core die hard Real Madrid fan.













						← Previous Story We Will Recover Our Killer Instinct And Ruthlessness – Zidane


						Next Story → TRANSFER UPDATES: Who Moved To Where And How Much In EPL



You may also like...






If I leave, Arsenal will not still win every game – Wenger







We were ‘fantastic’ against Arsenal – Ancelotti







It’s difficult to explain our loss, we collapsed mentally – Wenger





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 





 Advertisement


 
Facebook

 Advertisement




 
 Advertisement

 







Home
Posts
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
About
Advertise Here
index











						
						The Sport Bay is a sport news digital magazine dedicated to bringing our growing local and international audience premium content in the world of sport.
We are also available for brands seeking publicity, press release distribution, event coverage and advertisements.
The desire to enrich and update our readers is one of the factors having this site up. Our goal is to fill that gap and keep readers and followers abreast with cutting edge content. 
						


















Latest News




Mourinho faces Chelsea return in FA Cup






Guardiola wants FA Cup replays cancelled






FA Cup: Ibrahimovic does it again for Manchester United






Ancelotti admits showing Hertha fans the middle finger






Jo Wilfried-Tsonga beats David Goffin to win Rotterdam Open






Harry Kane’s hat trick sends Tottenham to FA Cup quarter-finals






Tags

Uncategorized
Featured
Manchester United
Real Madrid
Manchester City
Chelsea
Jose Mourinho
Rio Olympics
Arsenal
Barcelona
Cristiano Ronaldo
Pep Guardiola
Leicester City
FIFA
Nigeria
Super Eagles
UEFA Champions League
Euro 2016
English Premier League
Arsene Wenger
NFF
Liverpool
Lionel Messi
Australian Open
Antonio Conte
AFCON
Andy Murray
PSG
Champions League
Novak Djokovic







 












Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			



























