































Premium




News




Sport




Business




Money




Opinion




Obituaries




Travel




Tech & Science




Culture




Film




TV




Lifestyle




Fashion




Luxury




Cars




Video













Free Mobile App




Jobs




Financial Services




Rewards




Events




Dating




Offers




Shop




Garden Shop




Bookshop




Box Office




Puzzles




Fantasy Football




Wine Shop




Work at The Telegraph



















Log out




My Account




Subscribe




Rewards




Video










Login




Register




Subscribe




Rewards




Video










Log out




Rewards




My Account




Video




















Home




News




Sport




Business










ALL SECTIONS








Sport
Football

















Football




Live scores




Fixtures




Results




Tables




Premier League




Champions League




Fantasy Football




FA Cup




League Cup




Europa League




Euro 2016




Transfers




Football nerd email




A-Z





More























Telegraph


Sport


Football




















Arsenal transfer news and rumours: Arsene Wenger responds to suggestions Karim Benzema will sign



































Karim Benzema could be saying farewell to Real Madrid 

Credit:
ap















Telegraph Sport






30 January 2017 • 6:40pm








Premier League transfer news and rumours - live
Griezmann linked with Arsenal move
Man Utd transfer news and rumours - live
Liverpool transfer news and rumours - live
Chelsea transfer news and rumours - live
When does the January transfer window close?






20 players premier league clubs should buy









6:40PM

Arsenal await FA Cup fate



Arsenal have won eight FA Cups since the Premier League's inception, three more than any other club. They are in the bag for the fifth-round draw after their fine performance at Southampton on Saturday and are ball No.6. You can follow our live coverage of the draw here. 










6:06PM

Atletico a possible destination for Alexis?



Italian news site Calciomercato report that Atletico Madrid are eyeing Alexis Sanchez as Antoine Griezmann's replacement at the Vicente Calderon, should the France international leave next summer. 















A banner at the Emirates pays homage to Alexis Sanchez (and his pet Labradors)

Credit:
Reuters









The former Barcelona forward has 18 months remaining on his Arsenal contract, and Emirates regulars will be growing increasingly anxious by the week. That said, if wages are the issue with Sanchez reportedly wanting more than £200,000 perk week, it is hard to envisage Atletico paying him that sort of money. 










4:54PM

Arsenal would be champions had they signed Higuain, says pundit



Speaking on Sky Sports News, former Chelsea and England captain Ray Wilkins claimed Arsenal would have won the league last season had they signed Gonzalo Higuain from Napoli. Wilkins said: "I said last Christmas, had they bought Higuain in from Napoli, they might have got him for £50m, they’d have won the title last year."















Gonzalo Higuain signed for Juventus last summer 

Credit:
Reuters









Higuain almost signed for Arsenal in 2013 but Arsene Wenger refused to meet Real Madrid's asking price and chased Luis Suarez instead. Given how that saga developed, the decision not to buy Higuain there and then was certainly a mistake in hindsight.
However, Arsenal's problems last season ran a little deeper than the lack of top-class poacher, notably a dysfunctional midfield after the loss of Francis Coquelin and Santi Cazorla to injury. 










3:49PM

Former Arsenal defender to take Trinidad and Tobago job



This one has come completely from left-field. The Daily Mirror say Sol Campbell is on the verge of taking the Trinidad and Tobago assistant manager's job.
The ex-Arsenal powerhouse has not been involved with football since 2012, but has since completed his coaching badges when not shooting game birds or threatening to stand in a London Mayoral election.
In an interview with The Daily Mail earlier this month, Campbell claimed he wanted to become 'one of the greatest managers this country has produced.' 










2:49PM

Will Wenger keep faith with Oxlade-Chamberlain in central role?



Very little happening from an Arsenal perspective, unless Palace perform a late U-turn and come back with another offer to Carl Jenkinson. In the meantime, Gooners would do well to read this from Jeremy Wilson on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's impressive central midfield display at Southampton. 










1:30PM

Mane on a mission



Joining an illustrious list that includes the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Dider Drogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Sadio Mane was reportedly turned down by Arsenal as a youngster. 
Mane was a product of the Generation Foot academy in Senegal before joining French side Metz at the end of 2011. The forward initially struggled to settle in France, and according to Generation Foot academy chief Mady Toure, there were discussions with Arsenal scout Gilles Grimandi about a potential move to the Emirates. 
Arsenal though decided that Mane was not good enough for them, and passed up the opportunity. "He [Grimandi] replied that he was insufficient… like others," Toure told French football magazine L'Equipe. 
Mane ended up at Southampton, and then joined Liverpool for £34m this summer, scoring against Arsenal on his debut. 
Opportunity missed by the Gunners? 



























12:31PM

Au revoir to Debuchy? 



Arsene Wenger might even let two right backs leave in this window, with Mathieu Debuchy pushing for a move before the window shuts according to the Daily Mirror.  Gabriel was solid in this position while Hector Bellerin was inured, while Shkodran Mustafi and Rob Holding have also played at right-back previously in their career. 















Debuchy limped off with a hamstring injury during his only appearance of the season 

Credit:
Reuters









Debuchy suffered ankle ligament damage and a dislocated shoulder in his first season at Arsenal which gave Bellerin a shot at first-team football, and the 21-year-old has not taken a backward step since. 










11:38AM

Chuba back in the Championship



According to the Daily Mirror, Arsenal forward Chuba Akpom is set to join Championship contenders Brighton on-loan until the end of the season. 















Chuba Akpom is recovering from a back injury

Credit:
Getty Images









Having just recovered from a stress fracture in his back, Akpom is in need of first-team football but you feel time is running out for him to make the grade at Arsenal. Despite some eye catching appearances at the Emirates, he has struggled to make much of an impression at any of his loan clubs.
Every point is vital for Brighton as they target automatic promotion, so it is doubtful whether Akpom will get as many minutes as he would like. 










11:25AM

Sam Allardyce has moved on from Jenkinson



Wenger hinted that Carl Jenkinson's proposed move to Crystal Palace was dead in the water, and Sam Allardyce had backed this up in his press conference. 

“We have other priorities at the moment [than Jenkinson],” said Allardyce.
“Who knows what might happen, but not for now. 











10:18AM

Jenko ain't going nowhere



In his press conference this morning, Arsene Wenger said that out of favour right-back Carl Jenkinson will not be joining Crystal Palace this month. 

 “There is no news at all. We are still open, because we have many players in that position, but at the moment it doesn’t look like something will happen.
“He’s integrated and we respect any professional’s decision.
“He is a great player with a great attitude and there is no problem on that front. He must find happiness wherever he goes.”




























9:52AM

Wenger responds to Benzema rumours



The Arsenal manager was asked this morning why he is so often linked with a move for Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema. He responded: “Because he is French?"
Cryptic stuff from Arsene. 










9:47AM

Like a new signing



Ok, so we realise Danny Welbeck was signed two and a half years ago, but manager Arsene Wenger has suggested in this morning's press conference that his return from injury could prove to be like a new signing. 
The England forward looked back to his best on Saturday with a brace against Southampton, and Wenger said of the striker: "He is very sharp but we still have to be cautious with him. We still have to manage him well. 
"He’s had to be mentally strong. That’s not a gift of God. You go through all kinds of suffering to come back to that level of fitness.  
"But with his return and the good news on the fitness of the other offensive players, the pressure is off to buy any strikers". 















Welbeck celebrates scoring against Southampton with the 'salt bae' pose 












9:05AM

It started with a Kess



One player who won't be moving to the Emirates this month is Atalanta's Ivorian midfielder Franck Kessie. The 20-year-old had reportedly been a target of Arsene Wenger, but has opted to join Roma instead. 















Franck Kessie (R) is heading to Roma












6:46AM

Manic Monday?



Morning all, with deadline day just over 17 hours away, we'll be bringing you all the latest Arsenal transfer news and rumours on Monday. 
Since we're coming towards the end of a transfer window, it is customary to provide an update of Karim Benzema's supposedly impending move to Arsenal. 
The latest news, according to The Mirror via Spanish news outlet Diario Gol  is that the 29-year-old has been offered to both Arsenal and Chelsea by Real Madrid. 
Benzema has not been quite as prolific as usual this season, leading to him being booed by his own fans at one stage, and Real are looking to cash in on the Frenchman before he turns 30 at the end of the year. 
Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the France forward, which could drive the price up for any potential suitors. 















Alexis Sanchez could move to Atletico Madrid

Credit:
Getty Images









The Metromeanwhile reports that Atletico Madrid will look to sign Arsenal striker Alexis Sanchez this summer, with the offer of £220,000-a-week wages. 
The news comes off the back of reports on Sunday that Arsenal are hopeful of rivalling Manchester United's £85m bid for Atletico's star forward Antoine Griezmann. 
In managerial news, The Express claims that Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri is in “advanced talks” to replace Arsene Wenger this summer. Allegri has been in charge of Juve since replacing Antonio Conte in 2014, and led the Bianconeri to the Champions league final in his first season. 















Massimiliano Allegri has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger this summer








The 49-year-old's contract doesn't expire until next summer, but the Express claims he could replace Wenger at the end of the season, with talks “at an advanced stage". 
Juve CEO Beppe Marotta however moved to deny the reports, and said on Italian television: “Allegri has a contract with us and I reaffirm we have an excellent rapport which has brought us great success. We want to continue growing with him.
“Even without the fact there is a contract, there are no reasons to start creating problems. We are happy with him and he is happy with us.”
Watch this space. 






















Follow Telegraph Football








READ MORE ABOUT:


Karim Benzema


Arsenal transfer news and rumours


Football transfers


Arsenal FC


Arsene Wenger


Show more




















































Sport latest
















19 Feb 2017,
10:00pm



'Stolen' spikes almost cost Richard Kilty his chance to defend European indoor 60m title
















19 Feb 2017,
10:00pm



England wing Jonny May: 'It's that tight for Six Nations places, you have to be at your best'
















19 Feb 2017,
10:00pm



Henry Slade back in the running for England after shining for Exeter in win over Worcester
















19 Feb 2017,
10:00pm



Leicester prove there is life after Richard Cockerill with rampant win over Bristol
















19 Feb 2017,
10:00pm



Bath win comes at a cost with Tom Dunn the latest addition to injury list
















19 Feb 2017,
9:45pm



Barcelona 2 Leganes 1: Sense of crisis deepens at Nou Camp after Barca scrape lucky, late victory












00:52













19 Feb 2017,
9:14pm



Six Nations 2017: Ireland's record in the tournament
















19 Feb 2017,
8:56pm



Comment: BBC versus BT Sport on a great FA Cup weekend, featuring Lincoln's historic draw and Berbatov's cool


Alan Tyers

Premium




















19 Feb 2017,
8:51pm



Brian Moore's Full Contact with Gavin Mairs and James Simpson-Daniel - listen again here
















19 Feb 2017,
8:20pm



How Arsenal's visit to Sutton in FA Cup has temporarily turned club into centre of football universe
















19 Feb 2017,
8:12pm



Blackburn 1 Man Utd 2: Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes off the bench to win it and set up quarter-final with Chelsea
















19 Feb 2017,
8:01pm



FA Cup: Chelsea to face Man Utd and Lincoln draw Arsenal or Sutton in quarter-final

















19 Feb 2017,
7:56pm



Newcastle 46 Northampton 31: Falcons recover from poor start to thrash Saints
















19 Feb 2017,
7:51pm



Wigan 22 Cronulla 6: Joe Burgess scores hat-trick of tries as Warriors make history in World Club Challenge
















19 Feb 2017,
6:55pm



Sutton United vs Arsenal, FA Cup: What time is kick-off, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
















19 Feb 2017,
6:42pm



Sale 34 Wasps 28: Denny Solomona scores hat-trick as Steve Diamond backs him to go 'all the way' in union
















19 Feb 2017,
6:41pm



Lincoln City's FA Cup history boys get back to real life as Ferriby follow Burnley
















19 Feb 2017,
5:23pm



Exclusive interview: Italy head coach Conor O'Shea - 'We will don tin helmets to face England onslaught'

Premium















19 Feb 2017,
5:12pm



Exclusive: Ex-Team Sky cyclist Michael Barry expands on team's 'unethical' use of legal medication
















19 Feb 2017,
5:04pm



Louis Oosthuizen gives nod of approval to World Super6's experimental format
















19 Feb 2017,
4:46pm



Marlborough racing tips for Monday, February 20



















If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in


Register
Log in
















Contact us




Rewards




Archive




Reader Prints




Advertising




Syndication




Guidelines




Privacy




Terms and Conditions




Leave your feedback








© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017






























Your support makes a big difference
In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising.
Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker.
Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference.
Thank you.

Need help?
Click here for instructions 

Close




