








Arsenal News 24-7
Arsenal news, all day long, all year long…



Home
History
Honours
Links
Contact us










 
 


 « Previous post Next post »


						  		30Jan							


Arsene Wenger ban: Arsenal boss says critics want him locked in jail instead of four-game ban – London Football


by earnedgy in Evening Standard
No Comments »






 


Arsene Wenger has joked Arsenal’s detractors “would like to put me in jail” in response to suggestions his four-match touchline ban for pushing a fourth official was too lenient.
Wenger watched from the stands as Arsenal swatted Southampton aside 5-0 at St Mary’s on Saturday, marching untroubled into the FA Cup’s fifth round.
The Arsenal boss was fined £25,000 and handed a four-game touchline ban for verbally abusing and pushing fourth official Anthony Taylor during his side’s frenzied 2-1 win over Burnley.
Wenger insists he accepted the charge purely in a bid to move forward, but still claimed that some will never be satisfied with punishments meted out to him and his club.
“Those who don’t like me, any sentence will be too lenient,” said Wenger.
“They would like to put me in jail somewhere without anything in the middle of winter – and that will still be lenient.
“My reaction (to the ban) is what I said after the game. Let’s not bring this situation back again.
“I do not want to judge what the judge says. I got a sentence and I decided not to appeal just to get this behind me. There is no need for me to come back on that.”









Southampton 0-5 Arsenal | FA Cup 4th Round highlights | 2016/17

Danny Welbeck’s first goals in eight months spearheaded Arsenal’s cakewalk past Southampton, with Theo Walcott also grabbing a hat-trick.
Wenger hailed Welbeck as effectively a new signing, with the 26-year-old finally ready to end 20 months of knee injury problems.
“Yes it feels like I have many new strikers because I think (Lucas) Perez played very well as well and I left (Olivier) Giroud at home,” said Wenger.
“The problem will now be to find the right combination which will use them well in games. The result is strong with the balance of the team.
“When you look around you on the bench and you have this sort of player (Welbeck) coming on or when he starts it is somebody else. He gives us more quality going forward.
“We look tonight and Perez and Walcott and Danny Welbeck and I have (Alexis) Sanchez on the bench, it is an exceptional quality. For a long time we did not have the offensive quality available.”


London Football! Stay on top of all the news and gossip from the January window in our transfer section.
 
 Reuse content
              

Source link 
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related


 


Leave a Reply


Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.


 
 

 Recent Posts 

Arsenal news: Alexis Sanchez breaks silence on dressing room row rumours


Lincoln travel to Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup last eight


Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City | News Archive | News


FA Cup quarter-final draw: Lincoln City to play Sutton or Arsenal


FA Cup sixth round: Lincoln may face Sutton, Chelsea host Manchester United | Football


 CategoriesCategories
Select Category
90mins  (1,100)
Arsenal Amazon Shop  (326)
BBC  (99)
Bleacher Report  (286)
Caught Offside  (39)
Club news  (730)
Daily Mail  (855)
Daily Star  (1,859)
ESPN  (1,341)
Evening Standard  (1,090)
Metro  (1,261)
Newscouk  (1,532)
Sky Sports  (981)
Talksports  (704)
TeamTalk  (972)
The Guardian  (165)
Transfer rumours  (300)


 


Archives Archives

Select Month
 February 2017  (2409)
 January 2017  (3600)
 December 2016  (3862)
 November 2016  (3767)
 August 2016  (1)
 December 2001  (2)

Facebook
Twitter  Tweets by @EdwardHumphries


 



 




					(c) All right reserved. Powered on Wordpress.
					This themes was made availible by Fettnice


Home|Sitemap|Up

 

 
 



