














 

Arsenal Breaking News

Lincoln to play Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup
Transfer news: 10 players who could make Premier League switches this summer
Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City
Watch Sutton Utd v Arsenal on BBC
Premier League: Comparing every club's points difference after 25 games between this and last season
Arsene Wenger at Arsenal, Michael Owen at Liverpool and others who tarnished their legacy at clubs
Pick your favourite fifth-round goal


 






 
Arsenal Football News 24 Just another WordPress site

 
 
  



Home
Arsenal Football News
Arsenal Football Videos
Arsenal Ladies News
Live Scores
Arsenal Merchandise
 







Arsenal v Watford

in  Premier League News
20 days ago
26 Views 




 




















TEAM NEWS
Arsenal forward Theo Walcott could make his first league appearance for six weeks after scoring a hat-trick on his comeback from a calf problem in the FA Cup win at Southampton.
Danny Welbeck is unlikely to be risked from the start, while Granit Xhaka is still suspended.
Watford could give debuts to Mauro Zarate and M’Baye Niang, while Valon Behrami may be fit after a back injury. 

 

Costel Pantilimon has an ankle injury and Jose Holebas is serving a ban.
MOTD COMMENTATOR’S NOTES
Jonathan Pearce: “Going by FA Cup form, this should be a comfortable sixth successive home league win for Arsenal. 
“They haven’t conceded from open play in their last seven top-flight matches at the Emirates and Watford will need to be much improved to threaten.
“Watford’s new signings M’Baye Niang and Mauro Zarate can sparkle on their day but are they the right sort of player to untangle the Hornets from a relegation web? 
“They’re in peril. Seven games without a league win. No midweek Premier victory since April 2007. Too many team changes. 
“Arsenal have often left it late this season and might have to do so again. But they must win.”
WHAT THE MANAGERS SAY
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger on the strength of his squad: “I believe that number-wise and quality-wise, we have what is required to do well.
“We are not in need of buying. On a general front it has been very quiet [in the transfer window]. That shows that there are not many players available who can strengthen English teams.
“It also shows that all the teams in England, especially the big teams, have big squads. That’s why not a lot happened.”
Watford head coach Walter Mazzarri: “We still miss some players, this is why we have to change formation. 
“Now we have 16 games and I want a team that for 16 games fights for every ball and helps us move up the table.”


 <!–


MATCH FACTS
Head-to-head

Arsenal have won their last seven league matches against Watford, scoring 19 goals.
However, Watford beat the Gunners 2-1 at the Emirates in last season’s FA Cup quarter-final tie.
Their last top-flight win against Arsenal was by 1-0 at Highbury in April 1988.

Arsenal

The Gunners have won five successive home matches in the Premier League and are unbeaten in 10 at the Emirates Stadium since losing to Liverpool on the opening weekend of the season.
Arsenal have gone seven home league matches in a row without conceding a goal from open play – all four goals against them in that period have been penalties. 
They have scored an unrivalled six goals in the 90th minute or stoppage time this season, and have also managed a league-high 12 goals in the 80th minute or later.
Alexis Sanchez has scored in all three of his Premier League appearances against Watford. 

Watford

Watford are enduring a seven-game winless run in the Premier League (D3, L4). They failed to score in four of those games.
However, they did end a run of five consecutive away league defeats by drawing at Bournemouth last time out.
The Hornets haven’t won a non-weekend Premier League fixture in 12 attempts since beating Portsmouth 4-2 in April 2007 (D2, L10).
They could go winless in their opening five league matches of a calendar year for the first time since 2002, when they were in the second tier.
Heurelho Gomes has conceded 23 goals in eight Premier League games against Arsenal, nine more than any other team he has faced.





SAM’s verdict




Most probable score: 2-0
Probability of draw: 14%


Probability of home win: 80%
Probability of away win: 6%




SAM (Sports Analytics Machine) is a super-computer created by @ProfIanMcHale at the University of Salford that is used to predict the outcome of football matches.
Latest Stories, Video, and Commentary about Premier League | BBC


Arsenal Watford 2017-01-30
admin



Previous: Arsenal FC transfer news: Arsene Wenger dismisses link to Real Madrid star Karim Benzema
Next: Arsenal’s returning hero Danny Welbeck will NOT start against Watford, confirms Arsene Wenger



Related Items





 

Chelsea already champions – Mourinho
1 hour ago




 

Leicester City butuh 'serdadu dan gladiator'
2 hours ago




 

Sunday's gossip column
22 hours ago










 
Recent Arsenal Items		
 




Lincoln to play Sutton or Arsenal in FA Cup
1 hour ago





Chelsea already champions – Mourinho
1 hour ago





Transfer news: 10 players who could make Premier League switches this summer
1 hour ago





Arsenal or Sutton to host Lincoln City
2 hours ago





Leicester City butuh 'serdadu dan gladiator'
2 hours ago





Arsenal FC Official Football Gift Mens Crest Polo Shirt Black Medium
3 hours ago





Watch Sutton Utd v Arsenal on BBC
5 hours ago





Premier League: Comparing every club's points difference after 25 games between this and last season
7 hours ago



2017 Calendars
 





 

Follow Arsenal Football News 24
 
 
Arsenal 2017 Calendar Available Now




Top 10 Items – Last 30 Days


 Arsenal's Humphrey joins Doncaster 55 views | posted on January 20, 2016 
 Get to know: Kaylen Hinds 44 views | posted on December 14, 2015 
 Get to know: Vlad Dragomir 41 views | posted on May 6, 2016 
 Arsenal FC news: ‘Laurent Koscielny’s goal saved my marriage!’ Gunners supporters celebrate the defender’s overhead kick 41 views | posted on September 10, 2016 
 Now or never for the title – Ranieri 31 views | posted on April 22, 2016 
 Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United 26 views | posted on December 14, 2016 
 Southampton close to signing Romeu 22 views | posted on August 12, 2015 
 Arsenal Official 2017 Calendar – Football A3 Wall Calendar 2017 18 views | posted on December 7, 2016 
 Rafferty ruled out of England games 16 views | posted on November 25, 2015 
 Arsenal fan Jess Glynne visits the Emirates 14 views | posted on December 30, 2015 



Live Football Odds – Bet Now at Bet365!
 





 

 
 


 





Arsenal Football News 24 Help & Info
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Disclaimer
Arsenal Football News 24 is a football news aggregator site which gathers Arsenal related football news from other reputable sources and presents it here for the convenience of Arsenal fans. Arsenal Football News 24 does not claim ownership of any copyrighted content which remain the property of its respective owners and is not associated in any way with Arsenal football club, its owners, sponsors, or players. 
				Live Football Odds – Bet Now
 





 

Check Out Our Other Premier League Football News Sites


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 







 

			Copyright © 2017 Arsenal Football News 24 - all rights reserved. Powered by Digital Imagination in association with 365Soccer.co.uk 





























By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close

