









 
  

About
Services
Our Work
Resources
Contact
Blog
 









 THOUGHTCAST BLOG 





The Undeniable Power of Social Proof (and 10 Ways to Use Video Testimonials)Posted by Frank Gannon on Tuesday, January 10, 2017


Marketing, in its most basic form, is all about communicating value to your audience. If you know your product and audience well, you should be able to communicate the value of what you’re offering with relative ease.
A particularly skilled and seasoned marketer can do this in their sleep, but even some of the most talented marketers can only do so much on their own.
The modern consumer views marketing and advertising in a fairly positive light. They understand that it’s largely unavoidable, or part of the deal and, in many cases, welcome it as a way to discover new products and services that will add value to their lives.
Still, customers can only put so much weight behind claims made by the same people that are trying to separate them from their money, regardless of how trustworthy they perceive them to be, or how much they genuinely need the solution being promoted.
And this is why customer testimonials are so powerful.
Social proof is undoubtedly the most effective tool in the marketers arsenal
Social proof is a psychological phenomenon where people’s actions and decision-making is influenced by the actions of others, to make better decisions, or at least ones that conform to social norms. Naturally, marketers picked up on this long ago, and have used it to great effect ever since.
As highly social beings, it’s only natural that we rely heavily on social proof and confirmation to determine if the decisions we make are in fact the right ones. This applies to everything from what we should eat, to who we should vote for and, of course, what we should buy.
Relying on social proof in our decision making doesn’t always result in making the “right” decision, but there’s no denying that the desire for social validation is deeply ingrained in the human psyche, and influences many of our decisions.
In fact, 70% of consumers say they turn to product reviews before making a purchase. You can bet that pro marketers are well aware of this too, because in another study from 2013, customer testimonials were rated as the most effective B2B content marketing tactic, above all others, by 89% of marketers.
Customer testimonials are generally thought of as bottom-of-funnel content that helps get prospects over the hump, and ready to buy. There are instances where customer testimonials can help generate interest and awareness at the top of the funnel, but most people will only seek out testimonials or reviews after they’ve determined their needs, done a little research on their own, and narrowed down their options.
So even though a glowing testimonial isn’t likely to drive massive amounts of traffic to your website, a few well-placed testimonials at key trigger points throughout the customer journey is a highly effective way to convert visitors into buyers. Later in this article, we’ll explore some ways to do exactly this.
Amplify Your Results with Video Testimonials
Customer or client testimonials, in any form, are valuable assets to be used in your marketing and sales efforts, whether it’s one line of text or one hundred. Heck, even a positive tweet is nothing to sneeze at.
However, there’s no denying that video testimonials are the most impactful and effective, by a long shot.
In this post-truth era that we find ourselves in, people are naturally skeptical of what they read on the Internet, but this skepticism was present long before the 2016 presidential campaigns began. It’s said that roughly 90% of people believe that the testimonials they read in marketing messaging are made up.
Accompanying your testimonial with a photograph (along with a name, position, and company, for that matter), however, can greatly combat this skepticism. Still, these tactics pale in comparison to what a well-produced video testimonial is capable of accomplishing.
Video helps elevate testimonials beyond just words on a screen, and brings the customer and their endorsement into the real world, so to speak.
With video testimonials, your future customers can read the subject’s body language and facial expressions. They can hear the excitement in their voice when they talk about the benefits and solutions that are most important to them. And your prospects are far more likely to believe what they’re hearing.
All in all, video testimonials enable your audience to experience your brand more fully, in a way that makes it easy to stand out from your competition.
10 Effective Uses of Customer Video Testimonials
Once you get your video testimonials together, you need to figure out how you can use them most effectively. Remember, marketing is simply the act of communicating value to your audience, and effective marketing is all about communicating that value at the proper points in the customer journey.
Every business is different, so it may take some time to figure out what will work best, but here are ten ideas to help get you moving in the right direction.

Include links to video testimonials in a key blog post.
Post video testimonials to your social media accounts.
Add links to video testimonials to your email signature.
Create a case study around them.
Make a video testimonial the focus of your homepage.
Place video testimonials near opt-in forms and add-to-cart buttons.
Build an entire campaign around one or more video testimonials.
Create a separate webpage with an ongoing list of video testimonials.
Send out links to video testimonials in your newsletters.
Include links to video testimonials in your proposals and invoices.

Bonus: Send a personal email to customers and prospects, informing them of the success your other customers have enjoyed by providing a link to relevant video testimonials.
Learn More About the Power of Video Testimonials
Curious to learn what a compelling client testimonial video looks like? Check out these great video testimonial examples.
Share this story with your networks:LinkedInFacebookTwitterGooglePocketEmailPrint
Frank GannonProducer at Thoughtcast MediaFrank has dabbled in all things digital marketing for over a decade. He now serves as a Producer and major contributor at Thoughtcast Media. You can follow him on twitter @LPcopywriter. 











    


Follow Us




Join the Thoughtcast Media Newsletter 












          Get the latest video content marketing news, tips, and blog posts.
        




        Full Name
      






        Email*
      






        Get the Newsletter
      







  Recent Posts 

Thoughtcast Media Helps Impexium Overcome Communication Challenges in the Association Space


The Undeniable Power of Social Proof (and 10 Ways to Use Video Testimonials)


Selecting a Location to Film Your Next Thought Leader Interview Video


On-camera Styling & Grooming Tips for Men


How To Make Video Content & SEO Work Together


  





 

          Thoughtcast Media LLC
152 Kendrick Place, Suite 32
Gaithersburg, MD 20878

Serving Washington D.C., Maryland, and Northern Virginia        

© 2017 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Privacy Policy


ABOUTAbout Us
Video Portfolio
 

SERVICESPackages & Pricing
Thought Leader Video Package
Client Testimonial Video Package
 

RESOURCESVideo Marketing Resources
 

CONTACTContact
 

BlogBlog
 





 

 

 











NAVIGATEAboutServicesOur WorkResourcesContactBlog



 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			



















