








Toggle navigation








Home
The Old South Herb School
Our Mission
Recipes
Contact
 




 





Dandelions – A Powerful Herb in Nature’s Healing Arsenal

 January 2, 2014May 29, 2015  Susie Lyons 


To this day, I still remember “Dr. Granny” Clampett (and my great aunt Avie) hailing the virtues of dandelion tea to cure what ailed you.
If you’re too young to remember “Dr. Granny”, Google “The Beverly Hillbillies” or check out reruns on TV Land and prepare to be entertained…for hours.
Dr. Granny and my great aunts believed between dandelion tea and castor oil, you could cure just about any ailment.
Granted, the dandelions that grew wild in our pastures weren’t exposed to pesticides like the ones you see growing wild today.  Most people consider dandelions useless weeds and a nuisance in their perfectly manicured lawns.
The people who break out Round Up the second they see one tiny little dandelion plant poking its leaves above the soil are missing out on one of nature’s jewels.
Using Dandelions for Food or Medicine
Far from being just an unsightly weed, dandelions are actually herbs. They’re a fantastic source of

Vitamin C
Fiber
Potassium
Beta carotene
Iron
Zinc
Calcium
Magnesium
Protein (more than an equal serving of spinach)

The dandelions you find growing in your yard are probably not the best to eat or use for medicinal purposes.  While you may not use pesticides, chances are very good your neighbors do and that seeps into the ground water.  Your grass and other plants growing freely are probably being exposed to the same toxins, in lesser amounts, as the plants in your neighbors’ yards.
If you’re going to put dandelion greens, flowers or roots into your body, your best bet is to collect them from a mountain meadow or somewhere outside the city or suburbia. If that’s not a practical solution for you, grow them yourself in pots in your yard from seeds or buy powdered dandelion root from an herb store such as Mountain Rose Herbs.  You can buy the powder in capsules or the liquid as a prepared tincture.
Dandelions as Medicine
Parts of the dandelion plant can be used to treat a long list of medical conditions.  Here are a just examples:
To aid digestion – dandelions are a mild laxative and can be used to help clear the intestines. They also stimulate the appetite and help balance the “good” bacteria in the colon.
As a diuretic – dandelions are also a diuretic and help the kidneys clear out toxic waste products, excess salt and excess water.  By helping the kidneys clear out waste, they help stop the growth of harmful microbeds in the urinary tract (that means fewer urinary tract infections).  By helping the kidneys rid themselves of excess water and clearing the colon of harmful waste, dandelions help lower blood pressure and lower cholesterol levels.
As a liver detoxifier – dandelions have been shown to improve liver function by removing toxins and balancing electrolytes and improving hydration.
For antioxidants – the leaves, roots and flowers of the dandelion plant are full of antioxidants that help prevent damage to the cells and slow down the aging process.
To help regulate blood sugar – recent studies in animals have shown that dandelions can help regulate blood sugar and insulin levels.
Easing gallbladder issues – dandelion increases the production of bile in the liver and reduces inflammation which helps the gallbladder fight blockages and reduces the likelihood of the formation of gallstones. (I can personally attest to this one from recent experience).
Fighting inflammation – the essential fatty acids and nutrients found in dandelions help to reduce inflammation (one of the leading causes of disease on the human body) and decrease pain and swelling.
How To Use Dandelions
The easiest way to use dandelions is in tea.  You can use the raw leaves or flowers to brew tea by washing them thoroughly and steeping them in hot water for about 10 minutes.  Strain the liquid, add some honey and voila! You have homemade dandelion tea.  As a bonus you can eat the steamed leaves and flowers as a snack.  Always pick the young tender leaves if you’re going to brew them in tea.
You can roast the root and make a coffee-like drink as well that’s awesome for detoxing the liver.  Dig up the root, rinse it in cold water until the water runs clear to make sure you get all the dirt off. Preheat your oven to 300 degrees. Chop up the cleaned root into small pieces and place the pieces on a cookie sheet. Roast the root for about 2 hours.  You can then use the root pieces to brew tea just like you the leaves and flowers. Steep the root pieces in hot water for about 10 minutes (more than that and it will be bitter). Add honey or stevia to sweeten and enjoy.
A Word of Caution
As with any herbal remedy, you need to be aware of possible drug interactions and allergy problems:

If you’re allergic to ragweed, marigolds, daisies or other plants like these, you could very well have an allergic reaction to dandelions.


Certain medications interact poorly with dandelion. Dandelion can cause some      antibiotics to be less effective (a popular one is Cipro).


If you take prescribed diuretics, do not use dandelion on top of your prescription.  Dandelion acts as a diuretic as well and this is just overkill and can cause harm to your body.


Because dandelion is such a great detoxifier for the liver, it can affect how the liver  metabolizes some medications.  If you take Elavil, Haldol, Zofran, Inderal, any of the      statin drugs for high cholesterol, Valium, morphine, Ativan, talk to your doctor BEFORE you use dandelion.  To be on the safe side, if you’re on a prescribed medication, talk to your doctor before you start using dandelion as medicine.

If you want to use dandelion to help your body heal itself more naturally, talk to your doctor and integrate it carefully into your health routine, especially if you take prescription medication. The long term health effects (and improvement) you can achieve by going the natural route will be well worth the effort.
If you just want a tasty salad or a soothing tea, plant your dandelion seeds now and be ready to harvest them in the spring or fall.
 
17SHARESThe Herbalist Journal@herbalistjournawww.theherbalistjournal.comhttps://www.pinterest.com/herbjournal/https://www.linkedin.com/home?trk=nav_responsive_tab_homewww.theherbalistjournal.com

 

 Herbs, Home Remedies.  permalink.
						



Post navigation

 Cures from the Pantry for Scrapes, Cuts and BruisesGarlic – It’s Not Just For Pasta  



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 








Search for:










Popular
Recent






 

Essential Oils and Peripheral Neuropathy

                                    Feb 8, 2016                                




 

Cures from the Pantry for Scrapes, Cuts and Bruises

                                    May 21, 2012                                




Essential Oils and Varicose Veins

                                    Aug 25, 2015                                






 

Got Herbs? Let’s Make Cocktails!

                                    Aug 10, 2016                                




 

Is It Safe To Ingest Essential Oils?

                                    Aug 9, 2016                                




 

Tips for Naturally Healthy Skin

                                    Jul 7, 2016                                






                            jr on                            
                                Herbs for COPD and Lung Health                            

                            did you ever get the medicine?i was thinking to order mine                            (...)                            




                            mary on                            
                                Essential Oils and Peripheral Neuropathy                            

                            What about using essential oils for eye problems   Do you                            (...)                            




                            Dina Mey on                            
                                Herbs for COPD and Lung Health                            

                            After having a persistent cough for over a year, I was                            (...)                            






Archives Archives

Select Month
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 June 2015 
 August 2014 
 June 2014 
 April 2014 
 January 2014 
 May 2012 
 March 2012 

 
A Proud Supporter of Herbalists Without Borders 
Old South Essentials – All Natural, Botanical Based Skin Care Available online at www.oldsouthessentials.com and at Total Balance Health and Wellness, 6511 Stewart Rd., #1A, Galveston, TX. 

 











The Herbalist Journal All rights reserved.					Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress 





Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!





