














Join today
BET £10
GET £30
In Free Bets


Join today
BET £10
GET £30
In Free Bets






                            Claim Now
                        


                            Claim Now
                        


Register at Betfred.com
                        Place your first bet of £10 on sports


Receive a £30 free bet
                        within 48 hours of your bet being settled 




                            Claim Now
                        


                            Claim Now
                        




New Customer Offer. You must stake £10 or more (or currency equivalent) at single/cumulative odds of Evens (2.0) or greater on your first bet. Betfred.com will credit your account with a free bet of £30 within 48 hours of your first bet settled, awarded in the currency that your account is held in (or currency equivalent). Free Bet will expire after 7 days.

Terms & Conditions Apply

New internet and mobile customers only.
The promotion is only available to new customers from the UK (including Northern Ireland).
Offer available to customers registering on or after 27/11/2014 (excluding those who registered on the 10th & 11th April 2015)
Only your first bet with Betfred counts towards this offer.
Your first bet (or currency equivalent) must be a minimum of £10 at single/cumulative odds of Evens (2.0) or greater.
You must bet a minimum of £10 in ONE bet transaction. An accumulation of smaller stakes will not count. For example, two £5 single bets of evens or greater will not qualify as they are two separate bet transactions.
Your first bet must be settled within 60 days of bet placement in order to qualify for the promotion.
Your first bet must be placed on Sportsbook markets. (Totepool, Games, Casino, Numbers, Lotto, Virtual, Poker and Bingo do not qualify).
Cashed out bets do not count towards for this offer.
Your free bet amount (£30) will be available in your account within 48 hours of your qualifying bet being settled.
Minimum and Maximum Free Bet amount is £30 and will be awarded in the currency that your account is held in (or currency equivalent).
The Free Bet amount must be wagered one (1) time on eligible sports markets prior to any winnings being withdrawn.
All free bets are valid for 7 days after issue. Any free bet amount left unused after 7 days will be removed.
Free bet stakes are not included in any returns and are non-withdrawable.
Customers who deposit via Skrill, Ukash, Paysafe and Neteller are excluded.
One welcome offer per household/IP address/Mobile or Tablet device only. Previous account holders are not eligible for the offer. Anyone opening a Betfred.com account that has previously held an account with us that is closed does not qualify for the offer. 
Only one welcome offer per new customer. Customers can either qualify for the Bet £10, get £30 in free bets offer OR one of the Games, Lotto or Virtual new customer offers, not both.
This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Betfred.com Remote Betting rules apply.
The above Terms and Conditions are additional to and operate in conjunction with the General Betfred Terms and Conditions.
Betfred.com reserves the right to withhold any free bet payment if it believes that the promotion has been abused and/or where the terms of the offer are not fulfilled, or any irregular betting patterns are found. The decision of the Betfred.com management is final.
Betfred.com reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time, for any reason and without prior notice.
Gamble responsibly. For more info visit www.gambleaware.co.uk or telephone Freephone Helpline: 0808 8020 133
Over 18's only.
Betfred rules apply. 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












                    Petfre (Gibraltar) Limited, trading as Betfred, is licensed by the Government of Gibraltar, licence numbers 036 & 038. Copyright © 2014 Petfre (Gibraltar) Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Account holders must be 18 or over.
                





