













 
The Arsenal fans site for true Gooners






















Search ...  Search 




















Home 


Match News





Previews


Reviews


Confirmed Line Ups


Opposition View


Post Match Q&A







AV News 


Articles 


My Vision 


Your Vision 


Search 


AV Podcast





Podcast







Contact Us 





Advertising 






















Log in

Register








Login to your account

						Don't have an account yet?  Register now!  


Username *





Password *








							Remember Me					






 




					Forgot your password?



					Forgot your username?








Create an account

Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.


Name *






Username *






Password *






Verify password *






Email *






Verify email *







Captcha *



Reload Captcha







							Register							
						

 









Arsenal News 24/7




















 


		For site advertising enquiries	









		Refresh [F5] For More Giftastic Gunners	











HomeConfirmed Line UpsDinamo Zagreb (a) Confirmed Line Up: Ospina; Debuchy; Gibbs & Arteta start









 Confirmed Line Ups 






							Dinamo Zagreb (a) Confirmed Line Up: Ospina; Debuchy; Gibbs & Arteta start					


   

 Print 
 Email 




													Details							


Mean Lean 



					16 September 2015				




						Created: 16 September 2015					



 

Arsène Wenger has shuffled his pack a little bit as the Gunners prepare to face a Dinamo Zagreb in hot form, with the Chelsea game looming around the corner, Arsène has been forced into making a few changes to the team that dismantled Stoke City on the weekend. Arsène Wenger had already shown his intentions before the game by leaving Hector Bellerin and Aaron Ramsey at home.
The biggest surprise is probably the choice of keeper. David Ospina who was first choice for a large chunk of last season will come in, in place of Petr Cech. Mikel Arteta also starts his first game of the season in place of Francis Coquelin.Here is the team for today.
Confirmed Line Up:
Ospina, Debuchy, Gabriel, Koscielny, Gibbs, Arteta, Cazorla, Özil, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Alexis, Giroud
Subs: Cech, Chambers, Monreal, Flamini, , Coquelin, Campbell, Walcott


 





















				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			


15 Sep 2015


So let me stop reminiscing of days gone by and let me focus on our Welsh wonder. Let me start off by saying that I think it is quite obvious that Aaron Ramsey is better in central midfield. His partnership with Mesut Özil, his running from deep and his underrated ball winning ability makes him a ...Read more







My Vision


15
Sep



				Let's do the Ramsey wide thing (again)			




09
Aug



				Thoughts on Arsenal's squad for season 15/16			




31
Jul



				Thoughts on Arsenal's pre season & Potential selection surprises			




10
Jul



				Diaby and Podolski: The what might have beens			




09
Jul



				Arteta is no liability & Can prove valuable in new team			










Latest Articles



				AV Post Match Podcast - EP127: Bayern Munich (a) - Milk The Talent Out Of Him			





				Bayern Munich (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Pace, Power & Pragmatism			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP126:  Hull City (h) - The Crazy Optimist			





				Hull City (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Victory Needed To Steady The Rocking Ship			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP125:  Chelsea (a) - We’re Literally All Going To Die			





				Chelsea (a) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: Only An Arsenal Victory Will Be Good Enough			





				Watford (h) - Tuesday Sucked Big Time			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP124:  Watford (h) - The Vulnerability Of Covering Green Grass			





				Watford (h) Thoughts & Predicted Line Up: A Lovely Selection Headache for Arsène tonight			





				AV Post Match Podcast - EP123:  Southampton (a) - Walbeck or Welcott			



Other Football Articles



				The Curious Case of Danny Welbeck			





				Expert Health Tips for Footballers by Christiano Ronaldo			





				How Gambling in Football Impacts Arsenal FC			





				Betting in Football			





















Footie Links

 




    











Copyright © 2015 Arsenal Vision. All Rights Reserved.
Site design by Bagenda.com




 Contact UsSite MapAccessibility and usabilityTerms of useAdvertising










